We ordered Lamb shank, Tuna salad & Bowl fish .
Fish & salad were delicious tasty
Lamb shank wasn't good to us but we complained and they returned it for free .
They feed turkey tea & desert for complementary.
Great service
Good atmosphere.
Recommended.
Was looking for an authentic sit down Turkish dinner. This spot was highly rated on trip advisor.

Service is top notch, everyone is so helpful and nice. And the pricing is very good conspired to the states.

We ordered the clay pot chicken, the Adana kabob, and the manti.

The manti is very unique. Beef dumplings in a yogurt salt. Thought it could use some salt, but other wise food. 4/5

The Adana kabob is a ground beef and lamb kabob. Advertised as spicy, it wasn't really. But it was tasty. It needed acid so I asked for lemon but the flavor and texture were good. 4/5

The clay pot chicken wasn't my thing. It had many vegetables and a sauce. It was ok and the dish I liked least. The chicken was dry and rubbery. 1/5

Lastly they gave us a complimentary halwa. Good but very very sweet. 3/5
This is one of those Istanbul restaurants that has been around forever. Why? Because it is very good.

This restaurant has both interior and exterior seating. The interior is locally themed and it is very nice and open. They have big glass doors that generally remain open, so a nice flow of air is always present.

The exterior dining is along this walking thoroughfare. The tables line the restaurant and that is all very good. This is where I always prefer to be seated. The thing to keep in mind, however, is that you will be located on a walkway, so people will be walking by. And, as is so often the case in Istanbul, most likely smoking. So, you will get that dose of tobacco. Just keep that in mind.

The last time I ate here, a somewhat funny experience occurred.I guess it was people from another local restaurant or something. They walked by with a big bucket of their garbage. The servers at Old Ottoman got very upset and were yelling at them. Welcome to Istanbul.

In terms of food, what they offer is very traditional and very good. If you are with someone, I recommend the Mixed Kabob Plate. With this, you really get a great selection of flavorings and food varieties.

For me, the server always offers a free Turkish Coffee and desert at the end of the meal. Don't expect that, but know that you may get it.

Overall great restaurant. One of my favorites in Istanbul.
What a great experience. We were looking for local charm and we got it at the Old Ottoman. We were greeted warmly, sat promptly and opened a menu to a wide variety of choices. After being in Turkey for 11 days, I was "kabobed out," so I ordered spaghetti which the owner did not recommend but was delicious! My spouse had a kabob sampler and it was good. We had some tasty lentil soup and during dinner were treated to other guests ordering the pot kebab in which they roll out a cart with fire and a pot on it (they cook the kabob meat in a clay pot). Then they break off the lid and the simmering contents roll out. We had it elsewhere and it's a must try. The drinks were good, the wait staff very diligent and special kudos to the owner, who shook our hands as we left, saying "It was my pleasure to serve you." I thanked him for having such a great place and food. I highly recommend.

If you're looking for a place to eat while in Istanbul, I highly recommend this place. I sat outside. Luckily no one was smoking. Slight breeze down the walkway made the atmosphere comfortable. The platter for two was way too much food. It's more for a party of three...or four. It was so good. Dessert and Turkish coffee afterwards were delicious.

Waiter was awesome!

Thanks to fellow yelpers that convinced me to come here with their previous reviews.

Really had a great time. Servers were really frequently and they take great care of you. Explaining things, making recommendations, and fussing over you. There are 2-3 people helping you including your main waiter.

They seems to have pretty decent authentic food (as far as I could tell!). We went with the Oriental Clay Pot Kebab with Beef for two. Otherwise known as
Testi Kebap (Tavuk veya Dan). And it was quite delicious. Reminds me of food made in tagine from morocco. The way they bring it out in a clay pot and bang it like a drum and serve you is part of the presentation. Accompanied with nice olives and pita bread. Very delicious.

They were nice enough to give us a complimentary desert called Semolina With Ice Cream, or Dondurmali irmik. Wow it was a nice way to end the meal!

Don't forget a glass of Turkish wine!
Good service. Good food. They have the clay pot dish. Really good Turkish rice.

This is a place for tourists. Reasonable price for tourists.
Best meal I had in Istanbul and a must-try restaurant! We shared the kebab sampler and the Ottoman Speciality. Everything was absolutely delicious and the portions were huge. The meat was not tough at all and I particularly loved the Ottoman Specialty because the flavors were so unique. The staff were extremely friendly and took their time explaining the menu. We had such a great time :)
We went with my hubby as he said good rating in yelp . We ordered lamb shanks & tuna salad and sole fish . Everything were good but lamb shank wasn't trash they no charge for this one .
Very good service. Nice atmosphere

A great visit! Food, service, atmosphere were all great. If I get back to Istanbul I'll go again.
5/5 deservedly earned, if that's even the right thing to say. I was far too suspicious of the five stars in a foreign country but we were tired after a long, chilly day of walking around Istanbul and the Grand Bazaar. Old Ottoman cafe and restaurant did exactly what we were looking for - welcomed us with open arms and served us their homely, delicious Turkish food.

They have a pretty standard menu that is served across nearly every restaurant in a touristy neighborhood but they do them all really well here. Right from their lentil soup to their dessert, every course was a gastronomical delight.

We got their lentil soup and mezze platter to begin with. For the entree, I got the chicken in a clay pot which is an experience. It takes about 15-20 minutes for them to prep this order so be prepared to wait, but it's worth it. It is diced chicken stew cooked in a blend of veggies, spices, apricots and walnuts in an amphora style clay pot cooked over hot coals. The clay pot comes to your table in all its celebratory glory, they break it skillfully at the bottom and plate it. I can wax lyrical about the dish because the taste and textures were poetic. The slight sweetness of the apricot and crunch of the walnuts danced stupendously with the oregano and ottoman spice laden veggies and chicken. It's what I'd like to imagine people ate during the Ottoman Empire when they weren't raging battles and writing beautiful Sufi poetry.

Right as the haze of a food coma was setting in on us, they decide to indulge us further by giving us a dessert on the house. The semolina halva was warm on the outside encasing a dollop of vanilla ice cream and finished off with a drizzle of chocolate sauce. The staff was incredibly kind to us the entire time making our experience a memorable one.
I simply cannot recommend Old Ottoman Cafe and Restaurant highly enough. Do yourself a huge favor and dine here if you are in the area, the city or heck, anywhere in the country.
What an amazing treat. We stumbled on this gem 500 ft from our hotel in old town Istanbul. Very relaxing because of environment and their hospitable staff. Service was great and our dinner was stellar. Drinks, appetizers, salads, soup, main course and dessert for under $80 all inclusive. The dinner was a treat visually as it was prepared for us at our table in a clay pot over a huge flame ( see video ). Best meal we have had in over a week. We will be back again before we leave. Going to miss this gem. Buon Appetito

I was at the Hagia Sophia, turned on Yelp to find this spot. A good find indeed. Great food, excellent service, and a very cozy restaurant. I ordered the Harem Delight with chicken. The portion was substantial, I finished it all as it was delicious. I definitely recommend and will return next time I'm in Istambul.

best food experience in Istanbul, our host, Ali was very pro and kind. Food quality was out of this world. Ambiance was so calm and beautiful.
I wish I could give them much more stars than 5.
Oh, forgot to mention Turkish white wine was amazing
Excellent meal and highly recommended. Loved the food and appreciated the attentive, patient service (we ask many questions) from Ali and other staff. Deeply savored the mixed kebab where every single variety on the plate was well prepared, in particular the lamb chop, the spicy Adana kebab and every piece if chicken. Also loved the "Old Ottoman Speciality" in a sizzling cream sauce and was delighted with the wine sherbet beverage. Semolina dessert was perfect conclusion. Good prices and better quality that other spots. Wished I had gone back a second time!
Excellent service and delicious food!! It's tucked away in a corner but well worth the visit. The clay pot meals were amazing.

This restaurant was the first place a dined at upon arriving in Istanbul 3 weeks ago. I, unfortunately, cannot remember what we ordered, but, I can tell you we walked away stuffed and extremely satisfied with our meal. We ordered several items and shared it all. The wait staff was very friendly and we enjoyed the whole experience!

Excellent, thoughtful service. It is a more touristic area but the fact that the dishes were quite different from regular fare made the prices feel ok. Our waiter went above and beyond when they were sadly out of our initial appetizer order. Super hospitable.

The two entrees we ordered:
- Dough wrapped shredded goose. Old banquet recipe from centuries ago that still holds up today (they don't always!). Dough was delicate and light, goose was moist, and the little bit of rice and fruit inside was a nice touch to keep the meat from feeling too heavy. On the salty side.
- Apple stuffed with meat. The lighter of the two dishes. I liked how the tart apple was able to balance out the goose dish as well as its own.

Wonderful fresh food, great service, excellent atmosphere! We came here twice to eat because it was so delicious! The salads are so fresh and the chicken kebabs were perfectly seasoned.
Shemsh, our waiter, was attevtive and friendly.

So we had to come back again, cause my son and my daughter in law joined us in Istanbul today. This time we tried traditional Ottoman Cuisine VS traditional kebabs. And, boy it was an excellent suggestion by Erol. We ordered Heram Delight - Beef, Heram Delight - Chicken, Chicken Shish Kebab, Eskandar Kebab, and Sultan Vegetable Dish. They were all great and all 7 of us left the place with smiles on our face. We saw Duran again and he was very nice and welcoming to us. Service was awesome!! I highly recommend this place!!!

My good old friend Yelp save the day again for us. I'd brought my family to Istanbul and had to feed them well. So, we had a great experience at Old Ottoman. Great food and excellent service from Duran!! We started with Mix Meze Plate, Humus with Pastrami and Humus and bottles of Cabernet. Then we had Chicken Shish Kebab, Beef Shish Kebab, Lamb Chops, Roasted Sole, and. Hi Ken Cassarolle. They were all awesome, specially the Roasted awoke. At the end, I had six very very happy folks with me. I highly recommend them. Read more.
Another top-rated review. We sat outdoors on the side street on a beautiful late October evening, so our ambiance was lovely. We shared a baked Sole in risotto entree that was tender and flavorful. Their baklava is served as a large slice of pie, with ice cream! Guilding the lily perhaps, but best for sharing. Service was attentive when needed and always within eyeshot.

We walked in without a reservation on a busy night and they still seated us right away. We were hungry and tired, and left full and nourished. The Vegetarian casserole, spicy lamb kabab and chicken sheek kabab were all outstanding. They gave us Turkish halva as dessert on the house which was delightful. Good food, Good portions and good staff. Highly recommend this place.
Amazing food! we ordered ottoman special, grilled eggplant, harem delight beef, turkish ravioli. So good. Servers are super friendly, and patiently answered my questions. Will come again.

Everytime I go Istambul I must eat here . Excelent service, the hummus to die for. You need to have dinner lunch

Food was delicious. Lamb shenk with potatoes and shrimp . Also local dessert Katmer was amazing and not sweet!

Staff was really friendly.

Cats outside adorable.

Air conditioning inside !!!!

We went here for lunch, the restaurant pretty empty but warm which were perfect for us. We ordered a claypot beef for one person, together with rice and breads definitely enough to feed the two of us along with babaganoush and olives.
Would recommend the place!
Price was ££

We are vegetarians and had couple of bad food days in Istanbul before we reached here.
Absolutely loved the food, esp the veg kabab.
Mezze platter was also way more delicious than at other places we had been to.

Options were limited, but fresher and better tasting.
Also, it's a little tricky to find, and when asking for directions, most of the shops would say that we are old ottoman food only.

Please be aware that the true shop has the signage saying old ottoman.
Food is very delicious , thank you Ali for your good services and hospitality .diner for 4 + soup , drinks , coffee , sweets and it was 51$ , not bad .
The fish was so fresh and delicious .

Loved the atmosphere. Omg food was just to good best kebab,.. service u will just love it they know how to make ur customers happy . Must go

I came here w/ some girlfriends, it felt a little touristy, but then again, this is a very touristy area. We had the mix kabob platter and for dessert we had the cheese w/ the crunchy outer layer and scoop of ice cream. Everyone was really nice, the place had a cool vibe.

Fantastic service, food, ambience, and location.

We had lamb chops, and chicken wings. Both were very flavorful, and cooked to perfection.

I hesitate to post this review so that it doesn't become too busy. We came late on a Saturday night and it was perfect.

Food was terrific! Waiter suggested a different dish than what we were planning to order and it was absolutely delicious!!! Very quiet restaurant with good lighting. Very much a family/adult restaurant.

Great food and wine. We had amazing service. Easy location. I Would highly recommend !
The Old Ottoman is as good as the reviews say! Fantastic food and the service is excellent. Thank You

The food was good and the atmosphere was nice but the wait staff turned nasty/hostile when we payed with card vs cash....it got very uncomfortable...

Super delicious food and friendly waiters
One of the best food we tried in Turkey. Super friendly waiter Ali recommended Lamb Neck and a couple of other dishes, they all tasted so good and we would definitely recommend this restaurant to our friends. We have a group of 8 people including 3 kids. Everyone is super happy with the lunch.

We heard it was hard to make a reservation. So we went there at 11:50am and we were seated immediately. It was late March, not the peak season.

Food and service were both excellent. The restaurant is set in alleyway but has a good feel to it. We had the mixed Meze starter and the flavours were superb. For the mains we had the mix grill, the Ottoman beef and the beef neck all of which were superb. Well worth a visit

Service here is wonderful and fast, everyone is friendly and helpful. The food was delicious and plentiful! There is outdoor and indoor seating that is comfortable and charming. Highly recommend ending a day of sightseeing here, you will leave very satisfied.
This restaurant is right next to cagaloglu hamam. In fact, it looks like both shares the same building. Recommend to enjoy a nice dinner after the equally exquisite experience of Turkish bath.

Don't forget to order the clay pot stew.

Delicious food Amazing service. We ordered the mixed kabob platter for 2 people and it was too much for 4 of us.

If you're in Istanbul and looking for an authentic ottoman cuisine experience - look no further. This place offered a great mix of traditional and modern plates with fantastic presentation, great ambiance and a very friendly staff. We enjoyed everything from the drinks to the dessert and had fun picking out all the "famous people in history" on a very creative mural right outside the restaurant window.

I was traveling on Turkish airlines and had a layover in Istanbul. I had never been to Turkey before so I did the free tour that Turkish airlines offers to passengers. Me being me I left the tour group to do my own thang. I wanted to eat at a Turkish restaurant because you never know if you will get back. I looked at Yelp and found this restaurant and it was close to my location at the big market in Istanbul. I ordered a bunch of food and everything was great. The service was great and it was American friendly which you do not find everywhere in the world. I strongly recommend this restaurant. I posted some pictures of the some of the food that I ordered. My only regret was I was not able to take my leftovers with me because of my flight back to US. I will definitely be back.

No wonder it is the best restaurant in Istanbul, the servants are very nice and give me a lot of desserts, extra tea, extra grape juice without my request. in the end, I had to say it's enough because I was too full, moreover, they waived the fee for the yogurt. It was a wonderful experience tonight.

I went here based on Yelp reviews and all the great comments were spot on. Friendly and attentive service. Authentic food but also a variety of international dishes for the non-adventurous palate. Cozy setting. I had the chicken clay pot and Greek salad. 5 star!!! My bf had the chicken snitzel--okay but not great. The waiter didnt recommend it but my bf didn't listen. If we were in Istanbul for more than just a few nights, we would have come back

Ali was our waiter, he gave great service. The food was fantastic especially the desert and lamb neck. The environment and music was also very nice.

Good and service were both outstanding! And, bonus, they weren't aren't the street begging (harassing) us to come in.

Amazing food and the service was exceptional. Loved the kebab and the clay pot chicken Definitely do not miss

Very nice people and customer service. The lamb was excellent! Very tender and of a great portion size. So was the clay pot meal with chicken. It is made with a clay pot and fire and is interesting to see. Definitely a popular one! The offer a great tea and dessert as well.

Within walking distance from our hotel. Famous for their claypot chicken.
Delicious foods & good service. The owner speaks chinese (mandarin).

This place was a last minute decision and so glad our group went to eat here. Seems like a hole in the wall restaurant. From the moment we walked in, Erol greeted us with a warm welcome. The food was outstanding. Highly recommend their suggestion on getting an Ottoman Cuisine which they are known for. I got the Harem Delight chicken dish and it had so much flavor! The best dish Ive had in Istanbul yet! Everyone loved their meal. Erol took great care of us and a very kind gentleman. Definitely give this place a try, you wont regret it!!

Harem Delight Chicken Dish

Nice food good service and love the outside sitting. Would recommend to anyone nearby

Ottoman cafe
Istanbul.
Teal buildings of yesteryear
A pide and burak shop in the far corner
Sound of prayer in the far background
This place had high ratings and a lot of buzz so I had to check it out for myself.
A shop near the grand bazaar in the spice district, somewhat a hidden gem tucked in the corner.
I came in to find a cozy bristo, with fireplace and booths tucked away. I was greeted and found a seat near the waitstaff. There was not a lot of people so I got good conversation with the team and more of a special treatment. This was my second evening in Istanbul and first time to sit down and enjoy the food.
I was greeted by a waiter that insisted on getting the beef a couple times. I thought and ended up getting the pot chicken which arrived in a clay pot and put on flame until the pot broke. The flavor of this dish was unreal. The apricot complemented the savory of the peppers and chicken.
I also ordered the hummus and slices beef bacon. The beef flavor was intensified because it tasted cured.
The food and atmosphere were great and the staff was friendly. What's not to love. 96/100 mazadar

We were in Istanbul and wanted to try authentic food. This place had great reviews and we tried it. We loved it. They serve a lot of food, taste delicious and cheap. We spent about $50, which included appetizers, 4 individual dinners, drinks and coffee. They were so super friendly and gave us deserts for free. We were not disappointed at all.

Well, with the exceptional reviews, I had high expectations for this restaurant. The service was good; however, the food was average at best. I'm not sure how they managed to achieve such a high rating.

Enjoyed Yelp suggestion of Chicken in clay pot, beef kebaps and stuffed grape leaves. All delicious. Not very expensive. Beef was a little tough but very edible. Chicken came with a nice
Presentation. Great service. We'd go back again.

Good place for an authentic meal with excellent and hospitable service. They house specialty is the spectacular stew in the clay pot fired and cracked next to your table. Did not try it but it seemed really popular. The lamb chops were delicious as well as the çorba and the kebabs. Desserts were also excellent.

Absolutely Delicious! We started with the Mushroom Casserole dish which was amazing. We next shared the Roasted Lamb Neck for two. This Dish and the entire meal was outstanding and the best meal we had in Istanbul!!

Old Ottoman Cafe & Restaurant is my favorite restaurant in Istanbul. It is not fancy and doesn't have breath- taken views. They don't have any hard selling personnels on the sidewalk trying to lure customers in. They have relaxing ambient, friendly service, good quality food, and reasonable prices. The bread, the olives, the hummus with pastrami, the chicken wings, the lamb chop, and the soufflé were all good. Overall, this is my most satisfying restaurant in Istanbul. They didn't even add any service charges or taxes. I will certainly visit them again.

Very good food and service, was next to our hotel and went in after someone who just finished dinner said its good, rather than all the restaurants calling inside for food.

Amazing service, ambiance and food. We tried multiple items of lamb, chicken, vegetarian and all were amazing.

Excellent food that is perfect for vegetarians. Very friendly gracious and attentive waitstaff. As an added bonus they offer a complimentary dessert is simply delicious. Cute little place in Sultanahmet that I would highly recommend.

Amazing place! Great service, better food, and a great place to sit and relax while visiting Istanbul!

Really good authentic food! We tried it while visiting the Hagai Sophia and Blue Mosque. Highly recommend

Excellent food and service. It's a must try. The ambience was also great. We really enjoyed The testy kebab and shuji halwa.

Good food and friendly service. Both chicken claypot rice and mixed platter were delicious and value for money. Should try for authentic Turkish experience.

Yelp wasn't working so found this place on Google. I think a few others did too because after we came in about 4 other parties came in saying they found it on the map. One person on google rated it the best in the world. I think it wasn't bad and they even had a little show with their food. They were one of the few restaurants that were not asking tourists to go in so I guess they typically get a lot of customers.
Food wasn't bad. Better than many places I tried so far in Turkey but didn't have the "wow factor" to bring me back

Great service great food great prices!!!!
Very close to the Hagia Sofia and the Blue Mosque.
Their Lamb chops hit the spot!

Where do I start! So this place is tucked away in the Old Town. You take a walk back in time with the decor and feel of the place. Now the food is spectacular ! we ordered everything off the Ottoman Menu. Nothing disappointed. The service was great Our server Duran was very hospitable and informative.

The best dining experience my family and I had during our stay in Istanbul. The food was great - we ordered the lamb neck, the clay pot entrees, and the karisik kebab, semolina as a complimentary dessert, and the knafeh). The service was really great and welcoming in general, particularly Ali was very helpful and provided a good and warm experience for our group. I highly recommend to anyone to check this place out.

Amazing food, and even better service. I used to always think it was all about the food, but having traveled through Europe with unpleasant service can ruin the meal. The gentlemen here were beyond friendly, and the food delicious. This place has five stars with lots of reviews, and it deserves the rating easily.

Amazing dining experience. The staff, Ali and Seamus, went out of their way to make it an over the top experience. We had the lamb neck - phenomenal! We ordered the baklava as well for dessert, and they surprised us with a semolina with ice cream (on the house). Again, I can't say enough great things about this restaurant and their staff. A MUST DO when in Istanbul

Was the best dinners we had in Turkey, so much so we went back 3x. And the last time with a group of 16 gals we were traveling with. Each time Erol met us with open arms and fantastic service. Warm, inviting and delishious food. Especially the Ottoman cuisines which they are known for. You must go here, you won't be disappointed.

We were running a bit behind coming straight from the airport and the resultant could not have been more understanding and accommodating to our delay. We were still seated right away, the service was phenomenal, and the food was fantastic. Will be back for sure!

It's in the heart of the old town but just off the main road where all the tourist traps are. The food is delicious, we had the Meze platter, Adana kebab, and the beef clay pot. All of them were perfect Turkish cuisine we were hoping for. Small and quaint restaurant with low light. We sat inside and the decor was like a 1930s restaurant with old ottoman paintings on the wall.

Excellent service and food. Wonderful experience! We were very hungry and they provided great recommendations, helping us navigate the menu and try some new things. Also, sampled my first Turkish wine. It was very good and tasted more like a Sauvignon Blanc although it was a Chardonnay. Highly recommend this restaurant

staff was so nice and friendly, but the food was very subpar. did not match the reviews unfortunately

Fantastic food and service at reasonable prices in the middle of Sultanahmet. Erol will take great care of you.

This place was a great experience! The food is SO good and it came out fast. We ordered the clay pot dish with chicken and when it comes out, you get a show with your dinner! The waiters are really nice. We had Ali and he did a great job. His suggestions were spot on. I definitely plan to come back in the future and bring others with me.

Amazing food with excellent staff. Clay Pot dish experience was very nice . they broke the pot and then all of the food came out. it was a delicious meal. ottoman desert was very tasty as well. very nice staff who give you suggestions on what to do and where to go in Istanbul.

Delicious! Service was excellent and food was fresh, with generous portions. The meze platter was tasty, and we loved the chicken kabob and meatball casserole. Would go again in a heartbeat.

Un lugar con comida deliciosa. Súper recomendado su atención insuperable. Todo es excelente

Very affordable. Excellent services - kind of overwhelming actually cuz at one point I was surrounded by 4 ppl. They gave us a free appetizer and tea :)

This place is one of the most reviewed restaurants on Yelp in Istanbul and it definitely deserves this title.
It resides in a barely noticeable allay surrounded by bigger restaurants. We were greeted by waiters smiling at us and they spoke quite good English.
After we placed an order, they brought us a busket of warm bread and olives with spices for free as starters. The main dish (old ottoman specialty) is perfect if you like meat, cheese and mushrooms. However, the biggest surprise for us was that they brought a cookie with ice cream on top after we were done eating what we ordered. It was super yummy since I like the mix of warm and cold foods.

Delicious gourmet Turkish cuisine. Reasonably priced. Excellent service. We went back multiple times during our trip.

This place was extremely close to my hostel and was one of the few restaurants on Yelp that was close to my hostel so I decided to give it a try. I really really enjoyed it and would highly recommend. I definitely ordered way too much food, but tried my best to finish it so if you wanna try different things - I recommend bringing other people along because the portion sizes are fairly hefty.

I got the maze plate which was filled with all of the Mediterranean favorite dips: hummus, babaghanoush, and tzatziki, as well as some dolmas and rice. All of them were probably the best I've ever had and the pita bread that came with it was also excellent. Great way to start the meal.
After finishing the meze plate, I also got the Sultan's Favorite, which was essentially a hot vegetarian dish with rice. It was extremely full of flavor, but didn't go the best with rice. I finished about half of it before I felt way too full.
I also got some Turkish coffee (which I am not a fan of at all). I would recommend trying it once because you are there, but it's definitely an acquired taste. Very hot and very bitter and a pretty small quantity. They also gave me a dessert on the house which was super nice!
Overall, the restaurant was quite comfy with a lot of outdoor seating and the service was very nice and quick. Would highly recommend if you are in the area.

We were practically dying of hunger when we got to this spot, and were not disappointed! (Yelp map initially guided us to the back of the building by mistake, but we managed to find it.)
The service was absolutely incredible, the staff know the menu inside out and make the best recommendations. We had the mushroom casserole, a lamb neck dish to share (most tender meat we've ever had!) and grilled eggplant. To finish up we had the Semolina with ice-cream and Turkish coffee.

It is my mothers and I first time here in Istanbul and people all over have said to try this place! So after unpacking it is where we decided to have dinner. Well... let's just say believe ALL the wonderful things you hear! This place was amazing from start to finish. A very big thank you to Ali for taking care of us, he made our experience amazing! He recommended their very best on the menu and it did not disappoint. I would 100% recommend to anyone coming to Istanbul. This place is a MUST TRY

Wow the clay pot chicken was absolutely delicious!! Even my husband who is a very picky eater said it was the best meal he's had in Istanbul!! The staff was very kind and even gave Olives, dessert and tea on the house. We got full and didn't finish the lentil soup and the waiter took it off the bill. Super kind of him! I would recommend you stop by and try it !

Sat at outside table which was very nice. Great recommendations from our server Duran. Particularly enjoyed the baked eggplant appetizer and the beef and eggplant house specialty. Don't often write reviews, but this place is great.

5/5 stars. Quiet humble excellent staff. Unbelievable flavorful meal with a variety of Turkish, middle eastern, and American blended cuisine.
Would come back every night.

The clay pot beef and shrimp casserole we're both excellent. The staff were extremely friendly and the service was outstanding. It was so good we ate there two nights in a row. Highly recommended.

I had a fabulous Meal at the Old Ottoman Cafe & Restaurant May 21,2021! I had just left the Turkish Baths, best experience, and I am not new to bathhouses. My daughter and I were famished. We had the best meal! We sampled the Mix Meze for appetizer, and had the Clay Pot Kebsa1. Both were so delicious. Turkey just came out of lockdown a couple of days before and atmosphere was wonderful! I can honestly say I did not have one bad meal the entire time I was there. This restaurant was the topping on the cake1. Can't wit to go back!

My boyfriend and I visited this restaurant a year ago and since then nothing changed: everything starting from service to the meals were amazing. Waiters speak quite good English and even make jokes every now and then, so our dinner was not only delicious but also entertaining. Like in the last year they brought us a dessert and teas on the house.
"Old ottoman specialty" is a must-try.
Bear in mind: they only accept cash.

Everything here was wonderful, starting from the atmosphere of a small street, very welcoming host and waiter, delicious food and impressive delivery. Loved it! Very authentic.

Absolutely delicious food and awesome service. I loved the olives they give with bread. When I told them my mom would love some. They gave me some to take with me for her. That's the best customer service I have ever received. Thank you.
Food was top quality and really yummy. Dessert was delicious too. Everyone should try this place for real authentic Ottoman cuisine.

Super friendly service. Free wi-fi. A little off the main path. So it was very quiet and shaded, which was nice, but also pulls you away from feeling like you are in Istanbul. I like people watching so prefer the noise of the crowd instead of the next table's conversation. Bread and olives and semolina dessert with ice cream were excellent. Chicken şiş for lunch was just ok. Not Great. I wouldn't go back for the meal, but would for the starter and dessert, and if I need to catch my breath.

Amazing time at the best place in Istanbul coming back. Had this our first night and 10 days later still the best

I highly recommend this affordable, comfortable and friendly place. Many of the staff speak English and are interested to tell you about their culture. I asked our waiter how long Turkey had been producing wine and I received a very informative answer including how the Sultans drank wine, but the people never knew. Turkey has been producing wine at least since the Ottoman Empire!
This restaurant is down a very quiet alley. Normally my husband won't sit outside - noise, exhaust from cars, smells from garbage trucks... never his choice. But we've eaten here twice and sit at a table in the tiny alley, free of the smells of anything unpleasant. Both visits we ordered two courses, different each time, and everything we ate was delicious and perfectly prepared. They start you off with a basket of warm flatbread, and black olives dusted with a slightly peppery red spice. I hesitate to call it chili (probably was) because it was so mild and palate provoking.
The kebab/kebab in the clay pot, the buttered shrimp casserole, the chicken, the vegetable curry - everything was delicious and well balanced with flavors. Nothing too spicy, nothing too bland.
I can't stress enough the accommodation and care of the staff. A real find.

Amazing food and exceptional service! Good size portions and staff is very friendly.

On a solo trip to Istanbul, I encountered this incredible restaurant not knowing what to expect. Immediately upon walking up, I was greeted by the friendly wait staff who brought me to a beautifully decorated table. I ordered the baba ghanoush and chicken kebab, expecting to enjoy a simple Turkish dinner. Little did I know, the waiter would soon bring me a dish of seasoned olives from his personal garden which were incredible. All of the wait staff were so helpful and the food was some of the best food I have ever tried! I cannot wait to try this restaurant again. This place is a MUST TRY!

Stopped in after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. It doesn't look like much when you walk by, but we were astounded by the great food that we got at this hole in the wall restaurant just minutes away from some of Istanbul's must see destinations. Definitely an upgrade from some of the other restaurants we ate at during our trip.

Not only NOT the best in this area of Istanbul, but the least good meal I've had in the past six days in the area. It's overpriced by at least 50%, the service was hurried, and the recommended Turkish wine was not good.
We walked 10 minutes in a cold rain to eat here just because it was #1 in the area on Yelp. Do yourself a favor and eat someplace else. Anyplace else.

Great place ... good food ... good prices. Best lentil soup ever and delicious lamb dish.

Amazing! The food, the service, the environment, the staff, the owner - everything about this place was perfect. The servers and owner were friendly and took time to chat with you. Their recommendations were good. We had the kebab platter, the beef in a clay pot which was served in a flaming clay pot with a presentation and the Mezze platter. We thought it would be too much food except we polished it all off! They ended the meal with a complimentary dessert which was the perfect end to the perfect meal. My son loved it so much he said we have to eat there everyday! Highly recommend. Do not leave Istanbul without stopping here for a meal.

Wow what an experience! After searching on yelp I chose to try this café based on the number reviews and boy did I get lucky. This is an intimate café that serves DELICOUS FOOD! Upon walking in we were greeted immediately by the super friendly and helpful staff. After walking us through the menu and taking our order we were served fresh warm bread and pickled olives (so YUM). For our main dish my mom and I chose to share beef kabob laying on a bed of eggplant/yogurt mixed sauce and the clay pot beef dish. The clay pot dish is very popular, it is cooked in a closed clay pot and broken while still on fire then poured on a plate near your table, it was very cool to see. After we enjoyed our delicious meal our waiter surprised us with 2 cups of tea and a warm walnut cookie served with a scoop of ice cream on top (YUM YUM). Everything was more than divine! Also a shout out to our waiter Ali, he was so accommodating, he even helped call us a taxi.

This is such a phenomenal little place. The food was delicious and affordable. My waiter Ali was the best. He was such a nice guy. Because of him I had this amazing dish called Ali Nazik
Ali was great and the Ali Nazik was great. Honestly at this point in my life I now think that everything named Ali is probably great. Can't say enough nice things about this place!

If you want FANTASTIC food, friendly staff, and a feeling of inclusivity come here. It's off the street and you have to look for it and it's so worth it. If I could give them more stars I would.
We had the hummus, stuffed meatball appetizer, clay pot beef (omg so good) and the ottoman specialty. The waiter recommended and said if we didn't like it they wouldn't charge us. The clay pot presentation was so entertaining.

Currently wrapping up our lunch and I had to leave a review. This place has great food and great service. Ali was our server. He recommended the lamb neck plate. The menu says it's for two people, but we had so much left over that it could've probably fed three. The Turkish coffee was tasty and the cookie with ice cream melts in your mouth. 10/10 would recommend.

Joe would love this place! The people are so friendly and jobs. The food is very well prepared, tasty and the prices are good.
We are chicken in a salt put that was great. And hummus with pastrami. That was surprising and tasty!!
Our servers were friendly and quite the dramatic actors when it came to cracking open our dinner.

This place is all graciousness and smooth service. Down a little out of the way alley, you'll step into a small space with a big heart. The wait staff are sweet, accommodating, speak excellent English, and want to ensure you have a marvelous meal. Food was typical Turkish fare. I had an outstanding moussaka and the most delightful little fiery wax peppers on the side. Wine was tasty and reasonably priced, and they have the large bottles of sparkling water (not often found at most smaller restaurants). If you eat bread, they will give you all you want of what looks to be amazing flatbread (I'm gluten free, so could only indulge in the fine aroma). Excellent experience.

One of the best restaurants ever! I have tried so many Turkish restaurants in New York In Los Ángeles in San Diego in Seattle in Washington DC, most of my friends are Turkish so I have experience with Turkish food. My friends always told me when I visited Istanbul that I will find it the best food in the world... well let me tell you ohh boy! Were them right.. this restaurant has this jars full of chicken and they cook them for 3 hours before you eat them. The chicken is so tender and the flavor is like grandma cooked for you!!!

Exceptional. I can't believe I forgot to write a review for this place. The food is excellent in every way, I had the clay pot chicken kebab which was the best I've ever had. The flavors were very well balanced, and the presentation unique. I also had the kofte which are a light pastry filled with meat....excellent. This is a must go to place for anyone staying in Istanbul. As a bonus the host is a super nice man who knows his cuisine, and the ambiance is really cool.

Hidden gem! We ordered hummus, grape leaves, ottoman specialty, and chicken wings. Everything was so fresh and perfectly seasoned and cooked. When we saw the reviews, we were skeptical whether or not it's real. I can assure you that it's real. The food is definitely on point. We will definitely come back once more before we leave here.

With all the food options in Istanbul, how can someone choose where to go?! I'll make it easy for you and tell you to come here! It's a perfect lunch spot to take a food break after exploring the Hagia Sophia, Basilica Cistern, and other nearby sites. It is guaranteed that you will have an awesomely delicious experience here! We ordered the clay pot beef kebab and the Ottoman moussaka. The clay pot is a must-try! It's super cool because they crack open the clay pot in front of you to reveal the delicious food inside. The beef kebab was absolutely heavenly! The moussaka (combination of eggplant and ground beef) was also excellent and mouthwatering. At the end of the meal, they provide a complimentary dessert so make sure to save space in your tummy! The ambiance is very homey, traditional, and friendly, and the prices are very reasonable.

Perfect food and great service. The complementary Turkish tea at the end was a pleasant surprise.

Okay we were not sure what to expect, being a large group 10 children and 10 adults. Staff was able to accommodate us by splitting in three tables. We ordered several dishes. Mixed platter was the best. I have included the picture. The mixed platter Included few meat options. Meat well cooked and juicy. The host was very nice and entertaining. Kept the kids busy. Overall 4 star, few items didn't taste well. Definitely try the Aryan.

Great service, delicious food. My husband and I had the clay pot chicken for one along with a beef fish that had garlic yogurt. This was more than enough for us both. I highly recommend both dishes, but the beef was our favorite of the two. We also had this cinnamon fruit drink, which was amazing and a must try

This place has the best cheeseburgers on the island! The mahi mahi is the best in Pauli and no one can imagine how good the cannolis are. I would recommend to anyone who loves authentic Ethiopian food but can't make it all the way to the Antarctic!

Great service, funny waiters, good flavors and prices.
This is definitely more of a tourist restaurant but everything on their menu is what you will typically see in any Turkish menu.
The guys here will definitely entertain you.

Fantastic food and service! I had the vegetarian Sultan's Delight (I think that was the name) and the flavors were delicious. There were a number of excellent looking vegetarian items! The servers take time to explain the menu, all speak excellent English (bless them), and check in on your satisfaction.

Ahh this place is AMAZING!! Starting with the free olives and bread they give you all the way to any main dish you order! The ayran is pretty good as well. The staff is friendly and they make the whole experience very welcoming and entertaining. They are cash only, so you need to come with cash but prices are reasonable for the quality you get. They also gave us a free desert and Turkish tea at the end of our meal, which was very nice. Highly recommend.

good authentic food, excellent service and very good honest people, i highly recommend visiting the place.

Wonderful for people with gluten - or lactose intolerance, as well as vegans. One of the few places we found that serves a vegan version of the famous, traditional clay pot dish. Our waiter was completely knowledgeable about gluten, as his wife cannot eat gluten. He made sure we got a wonderful, authentic meal, despite our allergies.
This is not a tourist trap at all. Wonderfully friendly staff, great atmosphere, extensive menu of traditional Turkish meals with lots of vegetarian options to a reasonable price.

Had dinner here on my first night in Istanbul. I can't think it a better introduction to the city and the cuisine. Dinner tasted incredible. The wait staff was hilarious and sassy (in the best possible way). And they patiently explained the various dishes on the menu to me, offering to remake anything I didn't like. Of course, that was not necessary -- I happily devoured the Ottoman special (which I highly recommend). And yes, they do take credit cards.

My coworker and I came here based on the good ratings on Trip Advisor, and proximity to our hotel in the Sultanahmet area. We came for an early-ish dinner around 6:30pm on a Friday night, and the restaurant was less than half full at the time so they were able to seat us right away without reservations. Our server was super friendly and helpful, and worked with us to maximize the amount of dishes we could try between two ladies. we ended up with: -Complimentary Pita & Olives (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/old-ottoman-cafe-ve-restaurant-istanbul?select=y1jMjHOOACzZtC-Ly5NePQ&utm_campaign=www_photo_share_popup): The pita is SO GOOD, and very addicting. It was difficult to stop eating it, since we ordered a lot of food and wanted to save room for the other dishes. The olives were also very good.
-Appetizer Sampler (Half Portion, http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6jCGCSu_au5XJQdznv2TpA&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg): Even the half portion was very big, but I liked all the different dips. My favorite was the spicy eggplant and spicy tomato, but the tzatziki and hummus were also solid. The only thing I didn't like was the dolma, but I've never been a fan of dolma. Recommended!
-Schwarma Sampler (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LFAKXFeADUtwVvJnLPg_5w&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg): Yum- the kabobs were our favorite, and the most flavorful. The lamb rib was ok, but a little overcooked, and the chicken was a little dry. The fries weren't bad, but the rice was also dry, so I would skip getting that again.
-Clay Pot Beef (Beef, Peppers, Onions, Apricot, Walnuts): We got this since it was an "authentic" Turkish dish, and also for the presentation (they bring the pot to your table and tap it a bunch of times before knocking off the sealed bottom part to pour out the stew), but it wasn't very good. The beef gets really overcooked in the pot, and has a chewy consistency, and the rest of the sauce was salty. I wouldn't get this again.
-Complimentary Apple Tea: Delicious, but very sugary. I loved the smell and flavor though.
-Complimentary Dessert: Pretty good, but we were SO SO full by then we wished they gave us a smaller complimentary dessert. We enjoyed trying it though.
Overall, we had a great meal here, although we definitely over ordered. We were glad to hear that they give the leftovers to the neighbor cats, and that the food didn't go to waste. I just wish we had more people to eat with so we could've tried more dishes (their menu is pretty extensive), but I would definitely recommend coming here for an authentic and pleasant dining experience.

Excellent traditional Ottoman lunch here. Just up the street from the main attractions in Sulemaniyeh. Their menu is translated for us foreigners and the hospitality is outstanding. I had beef in a fired clay pot. Wife had chicken kebabs. We had baklava & ice cream for dessert. It was fabulous!

Of course there are many restaurants in this historic Istanbul vicinity. But this one is truly special. Great seating ambiance with indoor and outdoor seating, rich list of interesting historic dish items, friendly and helpful staff all make this restaurant a must. I had the pistachio kabab dish and it was one of the best I ever tried. The helva dessert with ice cream was magnificent. Highly recommended.

We arrived at the Old Ottoman on a Sunday evening having spent the day taking in tourist sights, having walked approx. 20 miles - we were exhausted, hungry, and parched. The steep hill leading up to it seemed almost to be the straw that could break the camel's back, but on leaving the restaurant an hour or so later I'd have walked double the height and twice the steepness. 
On arriving, the staff were casually friendly - in previous nights we had been effectively emotionally manipulated into entering restaurants, which food aside left a sour taste. The Old Ottoman's staff however were impeccable and a great example of what hospitality really is, many claim to be creating a 'family atmosphere' when in reality what is being concocted is the worse element of family life, the inability to refuse.
My friend's a meat-eater and I'm a vegetarian, meaning that we got both ends of the spectrum of what was on offer.
My friend picked the beef clay pot, which was delivered with friendly pageantry, which usually in restaurants runs a fine line between awkward and enjoyable, in this case falling firmly on the latter. Spectacle, humour, and over quick enough that it didn't become a labour. He very much enjoyed it.
I on the other hand had the 'Sultan's Vegetarian Favourite' [pic attached] - something to note being that I originally was going to order the more expensive 'Vegetarian Clay Pot', but was recommended the former by the waiter - you have to respect a restaurant that will recommend a cheaper dish when you ask for a more expensive one. It's also worth noting that in a city which heavily favours meat, Old Ottoman has several vegetarian dishes where many have none. It was very enjoyable and I would order it again.
During meal I drank 'Sultan's Sherbet', which was, I'm almost certain, the most fantastic thing I have ever drank. Rich, fruity, spiced; it was what I'd imagined red wine tasted like before my disappointing introduction to it. All the nonsense about notes in wines rang heavy and true with Sultan's Sherbet
Dessert and after dinner tea/coffee was complimentary, which was a nice touch; I'm sure in the long run it works out when customers are spurred to recommend them as a result, thus bringing in more customers, but that is simply good business on their part [not to paint it as cynical, restaurateurs can be friendly and have good business acumen, and marry the two together - in fact that seems like the perfect business model].
It wasn't a long stay, if it had been I would have been more than happy to eat at Old Ottoman again, in fact I would have been happy to eat at Old Ottoman for every meal - it's certainly the case that they have the depth of choice and quality in delivery to warrant multiple trips. I can offer no faults to list as a counterbalance to this glowing review.

We were here with a large group (12+) and the food and service was exceptional. The dinner spread was diverse and plenty enough to keep everyone full. The owner is a great guy and makes sure you're treated with love. Overall it felt like we were guests at someone's house rather than at a restaurant. Would definitely recommend.
We went there based on the good ratings on Trip Advisor. We made reservations and we are glad we did, because without a reservation, they were sending people away. The restaurant is small, only seats probably 30-40 people but is an excellent choice in the Old Town (Sultanahmet) area. It was a bit hard to find, because it is not on a tourist street.
I ordered the Testi Kebab and it was So Good !! I tried other ones in Istanbul and this one was the best, by far. The flavor profile of the meats and vegetables was just perfect. The show that is put right by your table is also a great memory of dining in Istanbul.
My BF got a chicken dish and it was also perfectly done. The owner came by a few times to check on things and he was very friendly and attentive. Great spot for inexpensive dining.

Great experience: deliously tasting food served with a lot of love. The staff is excellent.
Don't let this place pass by.
Istanbul has hundreds of restaurants serving the same dish so it is a daunting challenge to find the right place. Here is what you need to know when you come here, Old Ottoman serves up really tasty food at a fair price in a pleasant and quiet space. You can opt for typical Ottoman cuisine but there are lots of choices that go beyond your standard kebab. The staff at this establishment is extremely friendly and I thoroughly enjoyed conversing with them.
What really makes this place terrific is the warmth and care with which the owner and staff try to make sure that you have a good, personal and worthwhile experience.
I highly recommend the Testy Kebap. It is a clay pot filled with a combination of meat, vegetables, nuts and spice. It is presented table side literally on fire and is then split open by your server. It is a fun show and is delicious! The owner also offered us a complimentary dessert and olives. It's a nice secluded alleyway away from the craziness of the area.
It is located in a tiny alley just off the main street near the cistern. A little hard to find but worth the trip.


Great customer service, presentation of food and very decent taste. Highly recommended! Beef in a clay pot takes the show!

BEST MEAL I'VE EVER HAD. No exaggeration! Came here after exploring the city. Even though it was the evening it was my first meal all day. I had read great reviews and initially that's what brought me in. 
Started with the hummus which was perfect. They bring you fresh bread and olives that they grow locally. For me entree I chose the Sultan's Favorite with vegetables. Hilight of the meal. Perfectly cooked soft vegetables with a slight crisp and garlic (and tomato maybe?) flavor on a thin bed of mashed potatoes. Every bite was an experience. I've been traveling solo and I felt so welcome and everyone was so helpful with suggestions. This was the first meal out of three weeks of traveling where I actually felt it was worth the stop. The waiter was kind enough to bring out a dessert on the house as well as a Turkish Tea (my first time trying). Spent about $15 USD
Including my small beer and 12% tip. Great value.
Overall the beauty and decor of the restaurant, genuine hospitality, and amazing food draws tourists and locals alike. Couldn't be happier with my experience and I will recommend to all friends visiting Istanbul.

A gem in the heart of the Sultanahmet! Staff, wonderful. Food, good! If you're looking for a great meal and excellent service, look no further.
We went last night to a some different style of food..we had enough Kebaps and fish during our stay here in Turkey. So we found this little gem tucked away. We had very delicious food, the staff was very attending.
Second consecutive day eating at this restaurant. Amazing service by Ali both days. Yesterday had the chicken kebabs and today tried the oriental clay pod kebab. To say it was flavorful is an understatement. Amazing! Coming back tomorrow for it one more time before I leave !!
I can't rate this place highly enough. This is a hidden gem in the old city slightly off the beaten path, where the locals eat. We were first treated to bread and olives, grown freshly in the owner's friend's backyard. Amazing.
We ordered the Adana kebab and beef clay pot. My wife and I were jaw dropping at the flavor. She is from Afghanistan so I trust her opinion about the flavor of what a kebab should taste like. She literally said "I haven't tasted kebab like this in over 20 years."
The clay pot beef was a stew that was absolutely amazing. I was hesitant because I'm not a walnut or sweet/salty guy (it had apricots) but the flavor was very well complimentary.
Perhaps the most important aspect about this place is the service. The owners and workers care about your experience. They joke with you, tell the truth about what is good quality on their menu, and, if you're lucky, bring you extras on the house. We were treated like family even though we were Americans.
Anytime I'm in Istanbul or make recommendations to people, this is a MUST!! Best meal I had in Turkey by far.

Excellent food! Loved the food. If you have 2 minutes, take a turn from the main street and discover the delicious food this restaurant has to offer. Service - amazing!

Came here one night based on yelp reviews , the place was empty so we decided to go next door to a place called Konak, big mistake. Konak food was terrible.
Came back again and tried it out. The food was stellar. Everything we tried was the best we had eaten in Istanbul. Their pickled olives, chicken sheik kebabs were so juicy. The chicken casserole was excellent and the kids tried the penne aribiatta which was also excellent. Their service was impeccable. Regretted not coming here the earlier night.


We ordered a lamb shank and sea bass that had great taste at very reasonable price with friendly service! Strongly recommend this place to tourists!

This is hands down one of the BEST restaurants I've been through in all my travels. Incredible atmosphere, awesome service and the food is absolutely brilliant. It warrants its 5 star rating because of what it brings to the food enthusiast's table. I can't even recommend a dish because all the dishes I tried on the multiple occasions I went to this restaurant are incredible but if I had to pick it'd be the mixed grill. I can't wait to visit Istanbul again someday and come back to this phenomenal restaurant.

Literary the best Turkish food in old Istanbul. Very delicious, generously big portions. We were returning to this place twice and if we have stayed for longer, we'd be coming each day. Very friendly stuff and the owner. Unfortunately there're no photos, the food is too delicious to stay on table for more than 5 seconds.

Food was good, and it was conveniently located near our hotel. We liked the chicken clay pot stew better than the beef one.

It seems like a family owned restaurant. It's a bit hard to find, cause it's in a small alley. People here are very friendly and their dishes are also good! Recommend, may come back tmr for lunch.

The food was amazing and the service was incredible! Felt like going into someone's home and being their guest! Order the clay pot and moussaka!

Very tasty food and good service! We ordered Testi Kebabi, so much fun :-)
The owner provided us free Turkish tea and desert. We had a great time!!!
Recommend!!!

We went here for lunch today, after going to the Grand Bazaar. After reading the reviews, we were so excited to eat here, but unfortunately, the food was just ok. The kofta was microwaved, because it was not crispy, but chewy, and even hard in some places. The meat casserole had many pieces of meat that were so tough I couldn't even chew or cut them. My mom's chicken kebab was pretty good. Why did I give them 4 stars, after I just said the food wasn't very good? I'll tell you. The service was exceptional.. the staff and owner were so friendly. When we didn't eat most of our food, the owner wanted to bring us anything else we wanted, but we weren't hungry. He also brought us a free dessert. I think I would give this place another chance if I were here longer, but I would see if the dinner items were better than the lunch.

Excellent food and great customer service! From the mezza to the main dishes the food was delicious and the dessert was the cherry on top. We enjoyed our time and meal.

Tucked in a corner, it took a while for me to find it. Thanks to the owner Duran who welcomed me warmly into a very polished Turkish deco Hall with warm lights. I ordered the Old Ottoman Special upon his recommendation and wasn't disappointed. The meat was tender and the cheese delicious with a touch of spice. The rice that came as a side dish was nice with the cheese. He also recommended me to try the Hamami next door with a 5 Euro discount upon mention of the restaurant. Great meal and thanks to the friendly host who also offered me a local dessert and Turkish tea on the house! What hospitality!

The best service ever!!the food was exotic but not what I expected, it's kinda pricey for the neighborhood but was worth trying , the pottery chicken was good!!

Went with my wife for an early lunch, we ordered hummus pastrami, iskendar kebab and pot clay beef, the food was extremely delicious and tasty, very good quality and the ppl were very generous and friendly

Ok we had the best hospitality in all of turkey in this restaurant. We came with our family, myself, and two daughters and were blown away by the owners hospitality. He made my daughters feel like princess. They were very attentive and the food was amazing. My wife is very picky eater and is not easily impressed but she was so happy here with everything. The place is not easy to find unless you have gps and my SIM card was not working but we searched and passed many shops trying to invite us but we kept searching and finally found it. It was well worth it. Do yourself a favor and eat at this place. You will not regret it. We can't wait until we go back. We feel like the owner is really our friend now. Btw the beef kabob and chicken kabob are amazing. We will try other food next time.

Stumbled upon this place after leaving Hagia Sofia and Blue Mosque and was SO happy with it. Everything we had was great and the staff was fantastic.

We went here after reading a ton of Yelp reviews. Wife cooks, husband serves. Everyone gets fresh deliciousness.
We ate 5 meals in Istanbul, and this was the best. It's small and doesn't look like much, but it was awesome!

I went there for a late lunch. Place is hidden as not visible from the Main Street but was fairly busy. We liked the decor as felt like an ottoman dinning room. The staff was very nice. Prices are fair and quality is great. We got various appetizers from pastrami hummus, stuffed meat balls to stuffed cheese rolls. All were excellent. The ottoman salad was tasty. We were getting full so we just ordered the sol fish dish which had roasted veggies cooked with fish fried cutlets. The fish was light and the combination was heat. We received complimentary dessert that was topped with ice cream. Plus the complimentary Turkish tea. This restaurant is worth visiting if you are in the sultan Ahmed area. Just 9minute walk. I suspect better than the cafes right in the Main Street as these are often lower Wyandotte's higher price.

In a city as big as Istanbul, it's hard to stand out. Most restaurants here have someone outside beckoning passers by in, but the Old Ottoman relies on its reputation to thrive. And thrive it does. The people there know how to make amazing food accessible and fun. They help with ordering and are attentive without hovering. The food though, so good it's hard to describe. We're vegetarians and there plenty choose from, but the meat eaters seemed delighted with their meals also. Couldn't recommend it more highly, do yourself a favour and get to the Old Ottoman restaurant tonight.

Excellent food, with a friendly owner who is confident in his recommendations and honest. The clay pot and the kofta cassarole dishes were excellent, the Ottoman special was good, but the meat was a little too hard.
One of the best places I have been in Istanbul.

The food is very delicious. First hour in Istanbul and we came here. He gave us such a very nice and warm welcoming for us to start ur journey in Istanbul satisfied. 5 stars is not even enough. And more over people here are very nice. Welcoming and smiling. Make sure once u visit Istanbul to come here

Im always hesitant to come back to a restaurant twice on the same trip. It seems like a waste when theres so many new places to explore, but Old Ottoman Cafe is definitely worth revisiting.

Loved the place!!! Fantastic food and super friendly staff. Got the grilled Sea Bass and the Greens salad and was fantastic...very unique flavor, well made food. Alaso, the restaurant provides complementary bread and snack. Very happy with this place... Totally recommended

The great restaurant that not only offers prefect delicious foods, but also gives you incredible joy.
Having a meal there is not a recommendation, it is a must
It is by far the best restaurant in Istanbul.
Wish you enjoy it too.

Very food place! We like the meal and also the attention of the personal. They gave us the dessert for free. They do not accept cards

Great food and atmosphere. This place is very laid back and has some tasty food. I would recommend it.

Yet another excellent restaurant in the greater Sultanhamet area. My family enjoyed lunch there after touring the Hagia Sophia and the Cisterns this morning. It's a couple of minute walk from Sultanhamet Square on a side road, but the walk was very pleasant and it was nice to get off the main (tourist) streets for a few minutes.

Despite it being a bit after noon, we were the only people at the restaurant. We spoke to the owner quite a bit, and he lamented the fact that a year ago, people needed to reserve seats days in advance, but now with the political strife and fear of unrest, tourism is WAY down. So, if you are considering a trip to Turkey and are not the kind to worry about 1:1,000,000 risks, now is a great time.

Back to the restaurant. The owner met us at the door and helped us select items based on different people's preferences. My daughter loves lamb, which is a bit of a delicacy in the US but common in Turkey, and the owner suggested trying his lamb shank rather than the more common lamb kebab ("It's too early in the season -- the lamb is still tough.") -- great call. My son wanted to try something unusual, so the owner suggested his house specialty, chunks of lamb baked in a dish with cheese, eggplant, and more. I dislike eggplant, so did not have high hopes, but it was very good. Given my concerns about the lamb+eggplant dish, I ordered something that I knew we'd like, chicken kebab. It was the best I've had while here. 3-for-3 on the entree choices.

For drinks, we ordered two apple teas and two rosehip teas. The apple teas were good, but after I questioned him, he admitted that apple tea is just for tourists -- something our dinner waiter confirmed. The Turks prefer Turkish Tea (imagine that). Although we didn't order any dessert, they brought us a wonderful semolina-based crumble topped with vanilla ice cream and a drizzle of chocolate, accompanied by a round of (also complimentary) turkish tea. That was a very nice touch.

In summary, excellent meal, excellent service, all at a very reasonable price (~US$40 for four people including drinks, [complimentary] dessert, and service.). I recommend the Old Ottoman very highly.
P.S. They have a very fun sign outside advertising their restaurant -- it is covered with caricatures of probably a hundred famous people from throughout history (ranging from Plato to Abraham Lincoln to Hitler to Michael Jordan). Kept us entertained the entire time before the entrees were served just figuring out who was who.
Ordered Sultan's favorite vegetarian and husband ordered beef pottery kebab. Both were fantastic. They served complimentary semolina pudding with ice cream at the end. Overall good experience. Interior is nice and relaxed.

Best traditional food in Istanbul and great service! They make you feel like your part of the family and the guys who own the restaurant are passionate about their craft! Excellent and will recommend to everyone heading to Istanbul !

I really wanted to try this restaurant. The food was great but the service was super entertaining. They fit me in when they had no more room. I have tried repeating the clay pot dish at home.

Great place, authentic food but more importantly fantastic attention. Our family of 4 (2 kids) felt at home and we were even treated with dessert and tea to finish a great meal. A great find thanks to Yelp.

Great food not too far from Hagia Sophia & the Blue Mosque. Ali was outstanding in his service and provided us with excellent recommendations on what to order from the menu. Would definitely come back again!

What a wonderful find. What can I say, delicious food, great service and good location. You can't go wrong with the ottoman dishes. We tried three different dishes and all were great. Clay pot beef, eggplant beef, and a chicken dish. Thank you to the chef and waiting staff for a perfect experience.

We went based on Yelp's reviews and we were not disappointed. Warm reception and service, good traditional food. Only issue was to find the place as yelp's map did not match the actual location (written address was correct, but map showed a different place) (now corrected).

Amazing fried zucchini , amazing eskandar kebab, good tea and great desserts ! Loved it going there every day of the trip why not ..?

Best restaurant in Sultanahmet! Lovely quality food close to Blue Mosque. Staff is friendly & helpful. Erol the owner is a wonderful. I have been to Istanbul 7 times & travel to Sultanahmet for this restaurant, as I have been to the sites in the old city several times. You might want to make a reservation. They also, give you a lovely complimentary dessert after your meal. Treat yourself!

Fantastic meal and service! I had the fried cheese and mixed grill. More food than comparable restaurants and at a similar price point. Great value! Server was great, very warm and affable. He recommended some juice and it was maybe the highlight of the meal. Dessert and an apple tea, on the house, to finish.

Been to 15 different restaurants in Istanbul and this place is miles better than all of them. Very tasty and fresh food. The hosts is very delightful and the service is very detailed with excellent and honest suggestions. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to enjoy food in a cozy place.

It doesn't get any better than 5 stars!! This place is wonderful!!! This reminds me of the old Ottaman food!! The decor is amazing and the food is just great!! If your in Istanbul, please give this place a try. Great people, great authentic experience, and wonderful place!
God bless turkey.

The worst costumer welcoming experience ever. The guy who supposed to welcome costumer stand front of the door and blocked the way and said that the restaurant is full and go away. I was just shocked and couldn't say anything. Although the outside was completely empty.

This is one of the best restaurant in Istanbul we had ! Lamb shrank is the must order one ~ highly recommended !!!

Best food in Istanbul! Not only the food but also customer service! Chicken casserole and fried zucchini are AMAZING!

Excellent service, food was good as well.
The prices were what you would expect in this tourist areas.
Would definitely visit again

Very nice food and service! We just spent 3 nights in Istanbul, and chose the restaurant based on Yelp for the 1st night. We enjoyed it so much we returned on the last night of our stay. My son liked it so much that he reminded me couple of times to write a review here

Stopped here for lunch with our tour guide after visiting the Blue Mosque. Quick service, the lunch was already premade, you pick what you want, very good food. Friendly waitstaff.

Best meal we've had in Istanbul so far! We had the chicken clay pot meal and ottoman special - they were both fantastic! We also had the hummus which was delicious. The service was very attentive and friendly. :) We will return again before our trip ends.

What an awesome place. Outstanding service. Even better food. Prices are cheaper than elsewhere. Next day went to a different place suggested by guy from hotel. The food was not as good and we paid 80 lira more for less food and they asked 10% service fee which guys here never even asked for. Thank you so much for great service

Cant ask for anything better. Amazing food and whats even better is fantastic staff who is very friendly. Ask the staff for their specials and you will love it.

We selected this place based on Yelp reviews and we were not disappointed! This place is one of those magical experiences that you wish to have when you're traveling far from home! There were only two other diners in the place with us the entire time and, as far as I could see, only two employees at front of house. The workers answered our many questions about the food and recommended what we should try. The food came out at a measured pace - and it was delicious! What was magical is that the workers were so very welcoming. They asked about the instrument that my husband had with him and eventually we were listening to my spouse's impromptu ukelele performance and then an opera solo from a diner at the other table. Amazing!

My favorite restaurant in all of Turkey! Great location near the Sultan Ahmet (Blue) Mosque. The customer service is outstanding, and the food is delicious. They serve very authentic Turkish dishes and desserts. Duran was extremely helpful and went out of his way to ensure our family had a memorable experience. Dining at this restaurant is a must when in Istanbul!! Thank you to Duran and his team!!

If you're in the more touristy area of Istanbul & are looking for delicious food at a better price than what you'd generally find in the area, Old Ottoman Cafe & Restaurant is worth checking out.
The meal was very good- I had the vegetarian casserole (very filling and flavorful) and my friend really enjoyed his meal as well. He had the Chefs special recommended by the server. The presentation of the testi kebab was also fun to watch.
Extra points for the staff- they were exceptionally courteous. One of the owners came over to chat & told us about how the olives that they serve (complimentary before the meal) come from the property of his partner's family who live on the coast of the Mediterranean in Turkey (fun fact). The interior is definitely very low frill, but the food and experience compensates.

Amazing experience! The ottoman special is to die for and the service was excellent. Our waiter Ali gave us some really good recommendations and even included some complimentary appetizers and desserts to give us the perfect experience. For anyone visiting Istanbul, this place is a must!

Didnt read the rest of the reviews. Excellent service. Really good food. Cool off the beaten track atmosphere. Sure most others say the same cause it's true. Speak more than enough English to make you comfortable. If you are close and hungry, come here.

We were a little apprehensive about this place because it looked quite touristy, but decided to give it a try because of the excellent reviews and because it was one of the only places we could find open on a Sunday. Boy, were we in for a treat! We split the grilled meat place for two among three people - in fact, it could have fed four or five people! All of the meats were mind bogglingly tender and flavorful, and there was so much variety. At the end of the meal the very friendly manager even gave us a free traditional Turkish dessert, something we wouldn't have ever known or thought to order. Between the food and the hospitality, we couldn't have been happier. Would definitely eat here again!

Unfortunately wasn't open today but the owner was kind and made us want to come back next time.

Probably my favorite restaurant in Istanbul. Has very tasty meals, delicious desserts, and out of this world hospitality. A must visit if you come to Istanbul.

The food is delicious, we got the chicken special and spaghetti bolognese. But the real charm is the service, servers were amazing and the outside ambiance was perfect with beautiful portraits everywhere. Also they gave us free desert and customary free coffee/tea at the end. One of the best if not the best dining experience I've had here so far.

Tasty food and great service!
We had some hummus, shepherd's salad and kebabs. Everything tasted great. The food came quickly and the staff was very hospitable. This is a gem in the Sultanahmet area where you'll find many pushy, mediocre and overpriced restaurants. Definitely worth a visit! We arrived late and there was no wait. Also got complimentary dessert and tea.

Absolutely delicious entrees! Kebabs, kofte meat balls, etc...Everything tasted fresh and was seasoned so well. It didn't taste oily and it was brought out piping hot. Our son enjoyed his meal very much and he can be quite particular sometimes. The servers were also friendly and also gave some historical facts.

Very good place that is close to Agha Sofia and the grand bazaar. Amazing Turkish food and very good service.

Great little restaurant close to hotels and grand bazaar. Nice friendly staff. The food was great. Cash only tho. Get cash before dining here, there are ATMs all over the area. Highly recommend this restaurant.

The food and wait staff was excellent. We have both the pot clay chicken and beef and it was absolutely delicious. The staff was very attentive and checked on us frequently.

Excellent authentic food, even better service. The place itself is a cute little enclave just outside the hustle of the Bazaar area. Prices are reasonable too. The complimentary halva and tea with lunch was much appreciated.

The staff is super friendly. Just go with a friendly smile, and they will make sure you come back with a bigger smile. They have nice soft music, have vegetarian options, and place gives you nice historical ambience. Food is good, service is extraordinary, and they always have a surprise in the end. For us, it was a dessert and Turkish tea on the house. ;)

I had a hard time convincing my wife and mother in law to walk away from the crowded streets around the Haghia Sophia to this off the beaten path restaurant with 5 stars. They were so glad they followed me after they had a chance to taste the delightful flavors here. The chicken dish was moist and flavorful, and my wife's vegetable clay pot was great fun! I had the sultan's veggie delight. So flavorful! Ali took great care of us and got us out in time to meet our other group. Great place if you don't mind passing up the street hawkers!

This is the best restaurant in town: food and attention are the best! Ask for the mix kebab, AMAZING! And the clay pot - the chicken one, no words for this one.

This place was fantastic! Service was exceptional and food was delicious! We had traditional ottoman style special and the beef clay pot. We plan to return before we leave, just great!!

This place was fantastic. Welcoming atmosphere with delicious entrees and very friendly service! Unlike many of the other restaurants in the area, Old Ottoman did not feel transactional in any way, instead, the wait staff genuinely cared about our experience. The food tasted incredible and was served with presentation as well, one of the best meals I've had in quite a while.

Excellent location, helpful staff and most importantly, amazing food. Had lunch here. Saw the rave reviews on Yelp and decided to check it out. Took the tram from grand bazaar to Sultanahmet followed by a short walk. Ordered the clay pot chicken kabab (go with beef if you don't have any dietary restriction) and the mixed grill. The quantity of rice that comes with both is a little low for my liking, but that seems to be an issue with Turkish cuisine in general which is heavy on the meat and light on the rice. However, the staff graciously brought more rice whenever we were out without any extra charge. Also had the Haidari sauce as a side and it was delicious as well. Some items in the mixed grill were better than others, but don't remember which ones. As stated in other reviews, got the free dessert at the end. Wasn't really the sweetest, but it was free so can't complain. In addition to English, the staff also spoke Spanish, which is extra points.

Solid food, complimentary dessert and olives. Very nice waiters. They forgot my tea, no big deal. Have had better and worse food in Istanbul, but it's nice to be out of the way of pushy vendors in the Sultanahmet area. The chicken special was pretty delicious.

This is my favorite place in Istanbul. Ali Sahin had been great with his service and hospitality. When I went back with my family, he exactly new what we wanted. Ali was great with my daughters and explaining the arts at the restaurant. Loved their food and staff!

We went to this place for my last night in Istanbul. We wanted a place with good reviews and not to expensive. This place fit the bill!
As the other reviewer mentioned, the owner came up to my fiancé and I and gave us some complimentary olives that were picked from his own house along with some nice bread.
We had some local wine with our meal (very good). I ordered the chef's specialty and my fiancé ordered the chicken casserole. The chef's specialty was a creamy beef casserole. It was incredible; savory with just the slightest hint of sweet.
We forewent dessert, but the owner insisted that we have some complimentary Turkish tea before we left. They really know how to secure word of mouth at this place. I was impressed.
The two of us agreed that it was the best meal we had in Istanbul. The total was also not as high as some other restaurants we ate at during our stay. I wholeheartedly recommend this place to anyone staying in the Sultanahmet area!
Enjoy!

Food was great, especially if you are sick of Kabobs. I loved it so much I went twice. The owners are also great people, funny and personable. One of my best experiences of my trip.

Excellent service excellent food!! Real home atmosphere and warm welcome to turkey. Loved it and would come back. They were open to help with ordering food and took the time to explain everything. They even threw in free dessert and coffee!!

This place is terrible. Its a tourist trap! Ordered a few appetizers and they warm on the outside and cold on the inside. (I assume someone got them out of the microwave before hitting another 30 seconds) Ordered the lamp special and it wasn't impressive.(very bland & tasteless) Included in your meal is a free desert and a cup of tea at the end of your meal, (the ice cream dessert & tea gets a star) but I wouldn't return back to this place.

We checked out on Yelp and this had 5 star rating so we decided to go for dinner there. The food and ambiance lived up to its reputation. Their Clay Pot beef and the demonstration how the they open the Clay pot was amazing. They were very hospitable to us even serving a complimentary delicious dessert. I highly recommend anyone in the area to visit the restaurant. You will be very pleased as we were. Hope to go there again when We are in Istanbul.

Amazing food, with a good variety. Friendly staff. Ask the waiters for a recommendation...the Ottoman cuisine was some of the best food we've had while traveling in the region!

Im pretty confused by these 5 star reviews... ill give 5 stars for service as they are extremely kind and attentive. Food was a 2.5. One of the kabob dishes we got we couldnt even eat the meat waa so dry and bland. Salad was oversoaked in watery dressing. Super overpriced. None of it was memorable or tasty. But extremely nice people working there, very hospitable. Overall another tourist restaurant.

Great food and service. I had the beef claypot Anatolian dish. It was great. The fun part was the claypot demonstration before the dish being served to you. The server brought out a small table and the claypot was in the fire. Then he carefully broke the top of the claypot and poured out the dish. So cool!

Honestly left me speechless. Food was amazing chicken casserole was on point. You're in turkey, come here

This was an excellent restaurant for lunch. Service was excellent, the staff each came over and talked with my children and made them feel welcome, and took care to accommodate their food allergies. The food was delicious, it was the best meal we had during our trip to Istanbul.

In one word: Phenomenal! I don't know how they made what seemed like grilled veggies taste so good but they did. The service was fantastic as well. Great ambiance. Wonderful people. Location was very convenient. A+!

Wonderful authentic place ... delicious food served wonderfully, the owner is fun to talk to... would come back here repeatedly

Food was a little better than other restaurants that we tried in that area. However it was a bit salty. They used too much soy sauce in my dish.

Very nice food, especially the old ottoman specialty, meatball and the dessert. It leaves me speechless!!!

This café is in an interesting part of the town but the food will truly surprise you because it's very tasty.

This place is a little out of the way but absolutely worth finding it. The service was fantastic and the food was even better! Order off the ottoman menu because it's what they do best. The clay pot was fantastic and the ottoman special was delicious as well. You really can't go wrong!

WOW WOW WOW! This restaurant definitely deserves the good rating they are receiving on YELP. The restaurant is a few steps off the main street but there is signage indicating where to turn. Lovely place with excellent service. All the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. We followed their recommendation of Oriental Clay Pot Beef Kabob (Testi Kebap) and Old Ottoman Specialty (I think only at this restaurant). Both were delicious. I think the Ottoman Specialty may have been our favorite. It had a mushed eggplant base that was wonderful. My husband doesn't really care for eggplant but loved this dish. I would definitely come to this restaurant again and even order the same dishes again. I just have to mention the staff one more time - some of the best service in dining out that we have experienced. Highly recommend!!!

Really nice people here, they offered us a complimentary dessert and olives from the family farm. Its a nice secluded alleyway away from the craziness of the area- romantic and beautiful.

Great service, good showmanship, amazing food, and great environment. This is a must try! We had the clay pot kebab, very delicious.

One of our favorite places to eat in Sultanahmet area. Food was so good we went back a few times during our trip. Prices very reasonable, especially for being in a touristy part of town. Staff was extremely friendly.

read the reviews and tried it out. Wow this places is delicious. Got the fried eggplant appetizer which was very delicious, followed by the clay pot beef mix which was also delicious. services is very astute and quick. loved it.

Great place. Very funny owner genuinely interested in his customers. Food is very tasty. Try the ottoman specialty.

Wonderful!!! The food is delicious and tasty. The staff is very kind and they took care pf us perfectly. I'm still trying to decide if it is better the Oriental kebab or the Chef's special!
This is honestly one of the best meals i have had in a while. Never actually had Turkish food before visiting Istanbul. Everything single thing we had at old ottoman was amazing and i found myself canceling reservations to another restaurant the following night to return!

We got an Ottoman Mussaka and a Babagassa Kebab which were excellent. Amazing food and friendly service, especially for an area with mediocre and pushy restaurants like Sultanahmet. Definitely recommended.
The location on yelp is not accurate but we still managed to find it about a block north behind a bath house. The food is excellent and the servers are very friendly. We tried the shrimp on a sizzling dish, the lamb pot, and the secret ottoman special. They were all delicious, especially the last one. They let me crack the lamb pot and then my brother got his fortune read with his turkish coffee. Afterwards, we got tea and dessert on the house and a warm goodbye. This was our first time there, and we will definitely be back.

Great food - the best we had in the old town area and reasonably priced. Also really family friendly. Loved it! We especially liked the clay pot kebabs ( both beef and vegetarian) and our picky younger kid had the chicken kebabs one day and the chicken Schnitzel another. Our other child liked the vegetarian options.
We had come here with high expectations, which were then tempered after having read a few, very recent Google reviews. If you're looking for a nice homely meal, Ciya is a great place. However, we found the food mediocre at best and a touch overpriced for what it is.We started off with some cold appetizers / meze, which were priced by the weight. The employee wasted no time in scooping generous portions onto our plate (hahaha). The meze was just okay, nothing spectacular. The salads were quite a miss, the grape leaves forgettable, and the muhamara and eggplant yogurt average.We ordered a lamb vegetable stew which was tasty but quite expensive for such a small portion. It was hot and homely, and was served with a rice pilaf. Only after did we realize we were charged 80 lira for such a small portion of rice! My boyfriend chatted with the server, whose argument for charging us was that we ate the rice we were served (my boyfriend's response was that he'd eat anything served to him) - and eventually got it waived.We also ordered a chicken shish from the Ciya Kebab place next door. It was tasty but the green pepper is super spicy!! Beware. We died and had to gulp down copious amounts of water.We ended with a kunefe, but were sadly disappointed. The kunefe was fine, honestly, but it just paled against the most amazing kunefe we had ate yesterday at Kapi Karaköy. The dessert was far too sweet and the pastry was not as crisp as we'd like. That said, it had a super rich butter flavour.Overall, the meal was adequate but overpriced given its portions and quality.
Really excellent food but the service left a bit to be desired all things considered. I was seated immediately at a table outside and ordered a couple items - one of the salads to start and then one of the lamb meat dishes. I asked the server which he recommended and he basically just shrugged so I ordered at random. The English menu was very confusing in terms of what each dish was and how it differed. For example it would say "lamb kebab - 300 lira" and then "chicken with yogurt - 140 lira" so I'm like clearly the lamb is a heartier and fuller dish but I don't understand exactly how.With that said, the dish I ended up with (again, no idea) was delicious and the pita I was given was a nice complement to soak up the delicious juices of the meat. The vegetables were roasted to perfection. I liked the salad I got as well but it wasn't anything special.There was further confusion when I got the check as there was a note on the menu about service being included but I didn't see it on the check so I had to ask to see if I should leave a tip. Overall not the best experience from a diner's perspective but the food was great.
Found this place b/c I saw it on Chef's Table on Netflix...it was certainly one of the better turkish food stops during my trip to istanbul, but not amazing. The ride to this place is not bad but the ride back to western side of istanbul was horrible. The taxi's dont pick u up unless u are willing to be 'off' the meter or  pay a set rate.  (I'm not penalizing a star for that...food for me was just, 4 stars)
We got seated at the upstairs area on the corner with a beautiful view. Staff was very friendly. Service was very quick. Ordered the appetizers that consisted of hummus, tzatziki, and eggplant sauce and other things as well. Absolutely delicious. The hummus was outstanding. Ordered the yoghurt kebab. This was a meat kebab on top of a bed of shredded pieces of bread with yogurt sauce. Very very tasty. Ate the whole thing clean. Also for dessert we had complimentary tea, and pumpkin slice. Very delicious as well. Highly recommend this place
LOVED LOVED LOVED this restaurant! The restaurant was featured on chefs table and I can totally understand why! We were looking for a light meal and this restaurant has a Mezze bar! We got some dolmas, bulger balls, and dips! Everything was actually amazing! My favorite were the dolmas, they were perfectly seasoned and well cooked!They also have a hot food menu that you can order from and next time I come to Istanbul, I would come here for a bigger meal
One of the best restaurants we had in our trip to Istanbul. The kabobs were so juicy and delicious. The flavors were truly amazing. This place was featured on chefs table for good reason.
Food here is wonderful!  We tried almost everything on the menu and really enjoyed ourselves.  Mezze variety is high so it's easy to come here and try a little bit of everything which I highly recommend.We had a guide and were doing a tasting so she ordered everything and was eating it along with us.  Netflix featured this spot on their Chef's Table series.I loved that they ingredients are fresh and local, made like in grandma's kitchen old-world style true to tradition and that they feature different things during different times of the year when items are in season.Everything we had was wonderful and I can't even begin to remember it all but we tried fresh bread, hummus, eggplant, lamb, pizza, and several desserts as well as Turkish tea and coffee.We met the owner as well who was very kind and welcoming and unassuming (clearly not a lover of attention but a lover of what he's doing).We were here during lunch time on a Sunday and so it wasn't busy, but I hear it can be very busy at night time.Also, all the staff were wonderful and the inside and bathrooms were very clean.
Oh, yes indeed.  DO come to eat here.  Our group of 21 was seated quickly and a number of wait staff were very quick to start bringing out platters of goodies.  The meals were served "family style," and there were SO MANY plates to choose from that just sampling each one was enough to really fill your belly.  The spicing was very nice; the aromas and the furnishings all added to the experience.  Yes indeed.  Do come to eat here.
I thought the food here was excellent. Tasty soup to start, then a hearty stew and green beans. Looks like there is a daily menu with plenty of interesting options. My daughter enjoyed a simple pide that she declared to be, "the best pizza ever!" I'm glad we kept the leftovers since she gobbled those down the next day. I would come back.
Mükemmel yemekler, iyi servis. Çeşitler bol ve denediğimiz her şey lezzetli ve yağı tuzu yerindeydi / Good food, good service. Variety of options from Turkish cuisine. Every dish we tried was delicious and just on the spot... Definitely recommend it. This place was features on New Yorker magazine a while back
This place was featured in Netflix series chef's table and I have had it on my list for years but every time I'm in Istanbul, I never make it there but I am very glad I did make it this time and the food was incredibly fresh unique and delicious. The mezzes here are very high quality and authentic with amazing variety. My absolute favorite item and must try is the lahmuajun, the meat version or the vegetarian version both are incredibly perfect with texture, taste, color and super thing.
What can one say about the world renoun restaurant featured in Netflix and many magazines any countries? It's  even included in some of the food tours of Istanbul. The restaurant has three sections. There's a meze bar on the front right, there's a hot food buffet on the front left, both sold by weight, and there's a full menu to order from. We did the mezze bar, and ordered from the menu for entrees and desserts, and ended up with eggplant, or as the locals say aubergine, four different ways. I don't even like eggplant, but this chef is amazing. Best hummus in Istanbul, and easily the best food. Beef stew with quince was a winner as well, it was all amazing.
Delicious food and services alongside some of the best pursuers and muscles I've ever tasted.
I had a great meal here -- my first visit to the Asian side of the city.  There are several affiliated restaurants on this street -- this is the most formal/upscale of them, but they all look very good.Definitely try some of the more adventurous or regional dishes here.  I especially liked everything containing pomegranate.
Great place to eat kebaps. My favorite was the cheese one. Ciça was ok. I wouldn't recommend ordering the yogurt one.
If there's a good reason for visitors to Istanbul to journey over to the Asian side of the city, it's to check out Ciya Sofrası, located on a pedestrian street in the bustling district of Kadıköy, filled with restaurants, fish markets, and other stores! The food here is inspired by recipes collected from home cooks (by its famous chef Musa Dagdeviren), and the menu always changes, depending on what's available and in season! The restaurant has two parts--on the left of the entrance are a huge variety of ready-made hot dishes, and on the right is a mezze bar that's self-service (you just weigh your plate when finished).But on top of the amazing, amazing food, I have to emphasize just how great the service was as well! As we entered the restaurant, one of the servers offered to help us right away, and took us to the display of food to explain what everything was! She even helped us to order half portions of dishes so we could try more things!And wow.. what a meal this was. First, the mezze--I definitely got a bit of everything they had to offer, but some of the standouts to me were the bulgur flavored with pomegranate molasses, the hummus (which had a very distinctive sesame flavor), the broad beans, and the greens in yogurt sauce--everything was just so flavorful (and vegetarian to boot!). In fact, I would've been completely happy just making a meal out of all the different mezze dishes!But how could we resist trying the hot dishes as well? On the server's recommendation, we started with the artichoke topped with veal shank and the "cherry kebab"--ground beef meatballs stewed with cherries! Both of these dishes reflected seasonal ingredients and were absolutely delicious. I also loved the dried eggplant and pepper stuffed with a ground beef mixture and served with yogurt--the dried vegetables (not typically used for dolma) definitely added such a distinctive texture to the dish!But my favorite of the hot dishes were definitely the vegetables--we got a plate with four of the vegetable dishes they had on the day of our visit: green beans, nettles, zucchini, and another "greens from thorny plants." This was simply delightful--every dish was again so flavorful, and you could really taste and appreciate the freshness of the ingredients, which is what this restaurant is all about!
We decided to have our first meal experience in Turkey at this restaurant and it was good. We were staying on the European side so to get here we had to take the tram and then connect to underwater metro line. It wasn't difficult to get here but definitely it's not a place we would have considered coming to multiple times mainly because it's still a bit of a hassle to get here from Sultanahmet. They have two restaurants named Çiya across from each other as well as Çiya kebab. Not sure how similar or different the two main Çiya restaurants are from each other since we didn't visit the other one. We got to know this restaurant as most other guests after watching the Netflix series Chef's Table and just as others mentioned I think we expected more but overall it was a good experience.We were in Turkey during Ramadan which is a busy time for restaurants in the evening. We specifically had asked our hotel to call the restaurant to check whether or not we needed reservations for dinner and we were told they did not take reservations for small parties. This was definitely incorrect (not sure who's mistake it was) since the restaurant host asked us for our reservation as we walked in the door and we almost didn't get to sit for dinner as they were at full capacity. Luckily they were able to pull one of the two tables from a party of only two people who didn't need all of that space. The couple who was so gracious to give up the extra table also helped us decipher the menu which was only in Turkish. Everything after that small (but critical snafu) turned out great.We started off with some cold mezes which you choose and serve yourself at the counter. They weigh the plate and charge you accordingly. The stuffed grape leaves were absolutely delicious and probably the best we had in Turkey.In terms of hot food we had the stew of cubed lamb with creamed collards (?or some sort of green), the stuffed intestines and the adana with eggplant. All of the dishes were so good but my favorite was the definitely the lamb stew. The intestines were different and kind of an acquired taste but very flavorful. We wanted kibbeh but they ran out right before we could get our order in, definitely a popular item. Lastly we had a mini lahmacun which was meh. The ayran was home made and also the best we tasted in Istanbul.For dessert we had the baklava and some other green triangular dessert, both less than memorable. The baklava didn't taste fresh and the green dessert had a cheesy taste that was off putting. We also got to try their home made herb sherbet which was light, refreshing and not too sweet. During Ramadan you may ask for pide (a bread reportedly baked only during this religious holiday) instead of their regular bread.Service was attentive and fairly quick despite being so busy for dinner. Prices were reasonable.
Little bit expensive but tasty traditional kebabs, soups. It's in the heart of Kadıköy. Generally crowded. Adana and ali nazik is my favourite
Kadıköy Çarşının en gözde mekanlarından biri. Fakat son zamanlarda fiyatlar arttı ve yemek lezzeti biraz bozuldu diyebilirim.
We stumbled upon this place without realizing that not only was it featured in Netflix' Chef's Table series, my brother and his partner told us about the place wen they visited Istanbul months before. We had lunch and thought it was a good meal but nothing really spectacular to merit a Netflix feature.
I love exploring food, and when we were in Istanbul this last time, I read about this place in a magazine. My mother-in-law cooks very delicious traditional Turkish food so it's a challenge to eat out something different other than fast food. This is a place where they serve Anatolian food which is very different than Turkish food, even though they use the same ingredients and base foods. We had the lamb stuffed artichoke, the rooster, and another vegetable dish. The rooster was a sort of esme or hummus like dish which was different but a bit bland compared to all the other dishes we had. We were left hungry so we ordered a kabob with pistachios that was amazing. The vegetarian lahmacun also was a bit bland but I am comparing to traditional meat lahmacun. Just get the real thing.
How the mighty have fallen...I'm Turkish American, my wife is from Kadikoy (Istanbul neighborhood where the restaurant is located) and we visit Istanbul regularly. I know Turkish, Balkan, Middle Eastern, and Eastern European (at large) cuisine quite well. First came to Ciya in December 2019 and it was pretty good. We came back on Dec 22, 2021 and this place is now trash.We decided to take some old friends out to dinner and Ciya was at the top of our venue list due to it's acclaimed international reputation of being a great restaurant. I'll save most nuances  and summarize. We ordered 4 soups, a lamb dish, and about 5 other items. The soups came out and were all incorrect. Taste was also sub par. Post soup and while waiting 20-30 min for our other items, the server never once asked us what we wanted to drink. They didn't even bring over the standard bottles of water. Half of the food eventually came and then the waiter told us that the lamb dish was unavailable because they gave the last of the available lamb to the table next to ours. What kind of "world renowned" restaurant runs out of food at 8pm dinnertime? The rest of the food was served cold, despite them being hot dishes. The server was short with us. Ciya wasn't even packed: there were only 2 out of 12 other tables with patrons when we were there. The bill came and the meal cost quite a bit more than run of the mill restaurants in the area. "Eff" this place.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND IGNORE ALL THE OLD REVIEWS OF THIS PLACE. You're better off skipping this raging dumpster fire on your next trip to Istanbul. Total trash.
Ciya has the best Lahmacun and pistachio kebab I've ever had. Here's a blog about the restaurant:https://medium.com/@shayshao/d2182329e59c
At the urging of a friend who'd fallen in love with this place on a trip to Istanbul, I took the ferry across the Bosphorus to check it out. The place is large with comfortable spacing for the tables, and the portions also generous. I had a dish of turnips, beef, cream and spices that was over cooked to the point of losing its flavors, but the presentation was beautiful. I had much better luck with an enormous beef and pistachio kebap, which came with copious fresh herbs, the onion salad and flat lavash style bread, and grilled tomatoes. There is also a grain cooked with tomatoes that I have seen numerous places which I find bland and mushy, but hey. The kebap was by far my favorite part of the meal; incredibly flavorful and just the right consistency as it's knife chopped, like tartare.Finally, I tried their pumpkin sweet, which is a wedge of pumpkin candies in honey syrup, then drizzled with tahini and ground nuts. The consistency is surprising, crunchy and crystallized outside and gooey like a ramen noodle egg inside. It was also so sweet as to be too intense for me after 1 bite. The tahini was great though and tasted like halvah.Fantastic table service and obvious pride in their restaurants. Enjoy!
So I was not aware about chefs table s05 before going here. And so I only tried their kebab. Next time I should try their home kitchen menu (Sofrası).But my, the Adana Kebap was godly! They also had a couple of new takes on Kebaps. Like the sour Kebap with pomegranate molassesThe service was very friendly.
I have been missing Turkish food so much and especially ciya. It's been a while since I was in Istanbul, but this was one of my favorite places to dine. I discovered my most  favorite dessert at ciya. It was a black anise soaked walnut with kaymak.  I had quince for the first time at ciya and it was in a delectable savory soup.
I love this restaurant!   It's always packed here so for sure it must be good.    They have a lot of vegetarian selections and select meat dishes.   Service is fast, staff is very nice and helpful.   Generous portions and delicious food.   Can't remember the names of the dishes we had but I'm the pictures will do lol
Overrated.Kebab with baba ghanoush - 3.5 starsThis was good, but not amazing.At the recommendation of our friend, we sat in the branch that specialises in kebabs but picked several dishes from the branch across the road that has dishes out cafeteria-style that you select. We had a dish with stuffed liver, and another with some sort of offal, as well as the stuffed grape leaves and a lentil stew/soup. All were average, about 3 stars.
Arguably my best meal in Istanbul.  They don't speak much English, but all the dishes are displayed so you can just point to the one that looked interesting.  Fortunately there was one guy that spoke English good enough to explain what the dishes are.  These are dishes I've never seen anywhere else before, making it a real delight!On a nice day, definitely sit outside so you can people watch. Although if you're unlucky, you might be seated next to a person who's smoking.This restaurant was recommended by many people and I'm glad I chose wisely and decided to eat here on for the one meal that I had on the Asian side of Istanbul.
Ciya is really two restaurants across from each other in a small street in Kadikoy's open air food market.  One features the wonderful food of southeast Turkey (Gaziantep) and the other, kebabs.  The quality of food at both is excellent, although I prefer the lokanta with the steam table choices with their savory/sweet flavor palette and wonderful cold salads.  I ate at the kebab place this last trip and ordered a very tasty lahmacun (like a pizza in a way but without cheese).Worth a visit even if you are staying on the European side. Take a 15 minute ferry across the Bosphorus (always a lovely ride) and walk 10 minutes to the restaurants (do bring a map - the alleys can be confusing).  Stop to admire the food stalls along the way and grab a Turkish coffee cooked over charcoal.  The Anatolian side of Istanbul is not to be missed!
I didn't realize this restaurant had been featured in the show Chef's Table, so I was surprised that it was crowded enough for us to be turned away on a Friday night (we instead ate at Çiya Kebap that night, which was awesome in its own right). We tried again at lunch the next day, and could get a table for two right away.Çiya Sofrası specializes in forgotten Anatolian dishes. You're very unlikely to see any main dish from this menu at other restaurants in Istanbul. We opted to split a dish with lamb, pumpkin, chickpea, and mint in it, and then grabbed some hot and cold mezze from downstairs as accompaniments. The mezze bars rotate their offerings everyday to keep up with freshness and seasonality of ingredients. The cold mezzes are priced by weight, and it's all excellent: we ended up grabbing a little bit of most things in the bar. The hot mezzes are offered in half- or full-sizes, and we enjoyed the falafels and couscous balls we tried.Overall, yes, this restaurant was totally worth it. It exposed us to dishes we didn't encounter elsewhere during our trip, and the food was uniformly delicious. Try to avoid coming during peak hours because they will turn you away!
The drunken guy on the street spoiled the mood of my girlfriend which surely affected her first meal in the city! Trust me that did not affect the ratings!! I am a proper foodie....I just did not see the hype!! It was big on here and even the Hilton recommended it! So the expectations were high and the food did not come anywhere close to it! Aladdin in withington( Manchester) has better food!There was no hot vegetarian food! Even the falafels were cold!!Please don't take a ferry just for this!!The guy charged whatever he wanted! No price list on anything!! So 80 liras down the line surely I felt robbed .... Not by the drunken guy!!
This is the one of the best restaurant on my list in Istanbul. You definitely get your money worth. Well deserved for 5 stars.
Second visit! Great food to eat family style. Friendly staff. Good customer service. We ordered one of each of the meats. My favorite was the chicken. A rice dish and an eggplant dish.
This restaurant was recommended to us as a good, traditional place to eat on the Asian side of Istanbul. We went at an odd time, after the lunch crowd, so we were able to easily grab four seats on the patio.Here's how it works: there is a cold buffet on one side and hot main dishes on the other. For the cold items you are handed a plate and you self serve. This plate is then weighed to determine the cost. You turn the receipt over to the server until you are ready to pay the bill. The benefit of this is that you can try a little bit of everything, which I did, and it was all very good. For the main items, you pick what you want from the hot counter. The dishes are then brought out to you at your table. This part was a bit confusing, partly because we were unsure of the costs as there were no labels with the costs. It was good to do this as a group as we were able to try several dishes. A good place to try if you are in Asian Istanbul!The cold appetizers are fairly inexpensive, the hot items are a bit more expensive.
This spot obviously has great reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor, so we were excited to check it out. However, we left still wondering what all the fuss is about.The service here was absolutely terrible. It took forever to get a menu and an understanding of how the ordering process works.In addition, the food did not particularly stand out. We had had much better food in other parts of Istanbul when it comes to price/value, flavor, and quantity.This spot definitely feels like 80% tourists, too, so whatever authentic vibe that might be here was lost.Honestly, walking down all the streets to get to Çiya Sofrası was more fun than actually eating here. Even if you're determined to eat here, I suggest being open to other options as you are walking around the Asian side.
I adore this place. I wish I could have gone one more time before leaving Istanbul, but my father and brother didn't like it as much as I did (they preferred balik restaurants). The food at Çiya is so delicious and fresh. I absolutely love the history associated with Ottoman food and culture. One of my favorite aspects about Istanbul is how everyone keeps Ottoman culture alive. My experience here was beautiful. I can't wait to visit again and have dinner here.
If only we had known about Kadikoy when we first arrived. Amazing neighborhood; it's the Brooklyn of Istanbul, if that's your kind of thing. Back to Ciya Sofrasi. They have this dish called Perde Pilavi. Top 10 best thing I have ever eaten. I would make the 10,000 mile round trip again just to have it. It's a blend of rice pilaf, chicken and almonds, seasoned perfectly and baked in a buttery golden dough casing. The other food was very good too, especially the mezzes.
One of the best restaurants in Kadıköy neighborhood for eastern Turkish cousine tastes.
This is not your typical Turkish restaurant with just good freshly sourced food, but is a cultural learning experience for tourists and Turks alike. Featured in Chef's Table documentary, the owner and hands on chef Musa Dagdeviren is a food archeologist and intellectual. I recommend doing a bit of research about the restaurant before going and enjoying surprisingly unique food items from local,  and often unknown, cuisines across Turkey.
Truly authentic Southeastern Turkish food. Mostly original dishes prepared in front of you. The service, the food, unique drinks... everything is perfect. A must on Asian side in Kadikoy.
On my first of several visits to Istanbul last year, my meal at Ciya (Kebab) Sofrasi stood out among my dining experiences. I had not been back and in interim visits to the city, I have had some exceptionally good meals at other restaurants on the European side of the city. So, on my most recent stay, as I rode the ferry across the Bosphorus to the Asian side for a return visit to Ciya Kebab, I worried that the food would not be as good as I recalled.That worry proved to be unwarranted. The food was as good as I remembered. While I'm certainly not ready to proclaim that this is the best restaurant in Istanbul, lthe food is certainly more than worth a ferry ride to Kadikoy from which the restaurant is a short ten minute walk from the ferry terminal (in an area with plenty of interesting shops and stalls where often you will find items at prices lower than at the Grand Bazaar or Spice Market)Among the mezze offerings, I can';t get enough of is their stuffed dried eggplant. Reconstituted dried eggplant has such concentration of flavor, and Ciya's preparation with onions, peppers and mint comes together beautifully. And don't miss the fluffy baloon-like bread than they bake there in wood-fired clay ovens. For a main course, i really enjoy their pistachio kebab.They offer some interesting juice beverages. Their mulberry juice was something quite unique and delicious, and I was disappointed that on my return visit, the fruit had gone out of season. But they offered me tastes of watercress juice and lemon-based juice. Both were pretty good, but I did miss the mulberry juice. Desserts can be interesting, with some of them made from sweetened olives, whole walnuts (in shell) and squash. These are worth a taste. Less exotic desserts are also available and can be recommended.As for prices, this is not the good-cheap-food joint that Istanbul seems to have in some abundance. But it is not expensive and the quality of food more than justifies the price (my meal came to about TL 50). And menus in English are available.
Authentic setting and food, great tastes.Service is generally amazing.Find your seat, go up to the counter, let the servers explain to you what everything is (and there are a ton of options) pick and go back to your table, everything will be served to you.Outdoor and second floor seating is available. Generally you may wait a couple of minutes if you want to sit outside.
Very weird that I can write yelp reviews about places in Turkey but this was my favorite place in Istanbul so I'm glad I get to do it.Bring people because basically it's all family style and you go up to a counter and pick a bunch of stuff out of lots of tasty looking pots. There's also a self-serve cold bar with a lot of mezze type stuff.There were a lot of really amazing dishes there and some get pretty organ-ey so watch out if you're not in to that.
Every guide mentions Çiya, and it turns out the hostel I'm staying at is on the same street, so I made it  point to make this my first meal in Turkey! The menu is streamlined and small, separated into mains with meat or vegetarian mains, and the manager - friendly, great with English - also mentions a salad by the weight thing. Sort of wish I tried that! I can't remember what it was I had but it was the first item on the meat page, a lamb casserlle from Elazig, and it was great. Surprisingly filling. Sit outside for people watching fun!
WOW BEST FOOD IN ISTANBUL! watched the Netflix special on chefs and Ciya was on my to-do list when visiting Istanbul. This review does not come from your average tourist: as someone who has tried MANY foods, Ciya had amazing food and flavors compared to anything else we ate in turkey. And the prices are regular Turkish prices (not tourist prices) so pretty cheap.
This is hands down my favourite restaurant from my recent trip to Istanbul.  It was recommended by our hotel, and definitely worth the ferry ride over to the "Asian" side of Istanbul.  You enter this small establishment with the scent of freshly cooked food right at the door, that's because they are simmering the fresh food right at the door. All your senses are automatically awakened.  You automatically want to start picking things to eat, but you have to overcome the first challenge of finding a place to sit.  There are a few places downstairs, and a much larger area upstairs.  This is no hidden gem, people know this place is amazing, and it is packed.We had a late lunch at around 2-3pm during the week and this place was buzzing as if it was midday.  Its a bit odd at first because once you do find a place to sit, there is no menu.  You are really picking the fresh foods made that day, AWESOME!  You can first do cold dishes, select yourself, weight, and get a receipt (keep it!).  Or, go directly to the hot side, select the dishes you want from the simmering pots of yumminess (large or small portion) and then go back to your table, and wait for your food to be delivered on silver hand made plates (I so wanted to buy some).  The best thing to do is select several small portion options, and share amongst your group meze style. That way you get to try a bunch of different things.  Everything was spot on, better than expected, and hit all the right food notes.Very quickly you realise this is no ordinary restaurant.  In looking at the walls you notice the chef of this place has had many write ups in prominent journals.  He publishes a 3 monthly food culture magazine and is known for bringing the, "forgotten tastes of the world's food culture", to the public to savour and remember.I so wish I could take this restaurant home with me.
Çiya Sofrası digs deep into the food world. The kitchen aims to create memories of "forgotten dishes, lost tastes, and of wiped-off cultures". The impressive spread allows us today to discover these forgotten tastes from the "vast lands from Mesopotamia to Ottoman lands, from Balkans to Caucasia, from Asia to Arabia". A meal at Çiya Sofrası is not just about eating. It is being a part of reliving the memories that we never had. How cool is that?Word is that Çiya is where Turkish foodies go and I believe it. Before we left for Turkey, a friend in Chicago who was born in and grew up there recommended us to go here. Locals sing praise for Çiya too.Walk into the bustling (but not chaotic) restaurant and your senses are immediately greeted with food. On the left is the section with pots and pots of main dishes. The right section has a great selection of side items. Grab a table or seat first if you want. After that, walk back to the section where the pots of main dishes are and feast your eyes as you scan through the dishes they have for the day. Select the items you would like and place your order with the employee behind the pots who waits readily for anyone who is ready to place their orders. If you have any questions about the dishes, don't be afraid to ask. Many of the dishes were new to my husband and i and the employee was ever helpful in naming the dishes for us. English is spoken here. The employee hands you your written order and you can give it to your server. The dishes are brought to you shortly.On the other side is a table of salads and side items. Grab a plate and take whatever and however much you would like, then weigh your plate. The employee behind the salad and side items counter hands you a note to be given to your server so he can add it to the bill later.The meal is inspiringly delicious from the flavors within a dish and between other dishes. At each mouthful of the lamb with quince and stuffed lamb intestines, we can only look at each other and nod our heads while chewing our food. In between swallows, we shares words of praise for the food. Even a seemingly simple dish of braised spinach is worth ordering again. The side items of falafel, oblong-shaped pastry that looks like a samosa, couscous, chopped flavored olives, bulgur-stuffed tomato, roasted eggplant, hummus, and baba ghanoush..... oh my..... We probably ordered a little too much food but dang, it was good.Our meal is memorable and a reflection of the food specialties of Turkey and the nearby lands. Çiya Sofrası is different and unique from the other Turkish restaurants we've been to and we only wish that every traveler to Turkey will go here to understand that food in this country is not only about kebaps. As we sit at the table at Çiya Sofrası, we become part of the forgotten tastes and lost memories that the restaurant is bringing back. At the same time, we imagine that we are eating what would have been served if a Turkish friend brought us home for his or her long lost grandmother's cooking.
I'm giving 3 stars because, while there is nothing wrong with this place at all and it's actually quite good, I thought it was way too pricey for the portions, quality and ambience you get compared to similar spots in the neighborhood.I went twice. The first time, I must have been a little late on a futbol night and they, having been busy, were pretty much all out of food. All that was left was some of the peasant-style food where you point to what you want and they make you a little plate of it. I tried a couple things that were left and they were pretty good. But considering the hype this spot has, I expected to be a little more impressed.The second time, I ordered from their kebab menu and, again, it was good. But I didn't think it was all that amazing to be honest.Both times I thought it was a little pricey for what you got compared to other places in the area with similar ambience (fluorescent lights, diner-style tables). I ordered the same kebab dish (yogurt kebab over pita) at another cafe with a way nicer ambience and it was about 1/3 cheaper and tasted better!
Very friendly, delicious food, perfect service, amazing location, even during the summer the weather is amazing, sit outside...
This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants.On the last day of my Turkey tour i broke away from my group and took the ferry by myself to Istanbul's Asian side, non-touristy Kadikoy to have lunch here.  I had a feast, one of the best meals of my life, love this place and wish i could have many more meals there.The restaurant is the brain child of chef Musa Dağdeviren whose mission is to preserve the food culture, the home cooking done by the grandmas of Turkey.  The food was sooooo good and there were many choices.   I could not speak Turkish but there was a waiter who could speak English, he was so friendly and when i told him that i wanted to try as many dishes as possible he said 'ok, a little of eveything' :-)Don't miss this place when you come to Istanbul!The Ciya Kebab restaurant  nearby was excellent too.
My wife heard about this restaurant from the Netflix show 'Chef's Table' and had lunch at Çiya Sofrası with my wife and three children. Very good service by the staff. They were very accommodating and welcoming. The appetizers came out quickly and were excellent, especially the mixed vegetables stuffed with rice. The main course was very tasty; a mix of kabobs that came with vegetables and various breads. Highly recommended!
This is one of the best places to try Authentic Turkish food in Istanbul; very high quality but with decent price range. I always enjoy my time in there
An exceptional and culturally important restaurant.The 'peasant-style' food is directly inspired by the chef, Musa Dagdeviren's, travels across Turkey and the surrounding countries, and is so different from the typical fare found in the rest of Istanbul.Indeed, reading about him and his desire to set up a centre of excellence to pass on the culinary traditions of old Anatolia, I am struck by similarities to Ferran Adria, despite the very different culinary worlds they inhabit. Passion, respect and inquisitiveness shine through.There are two menus, a fixed kebab menu, and a season-led menu which changes daily.To simplify the ordering process, I recommend that you place your appetite in the hands of the very friendly and helpful waiters, and let them bring you as many half-portion size plates as you think you can eat. No dish is particularly pricey, so you can afford to experiment.On my visit today, the stand out dishes were wild garlic, lentil and yoghurt, a sour pomegranate kebab, and a hollowed baked celeriac with lamb. Desert was a selection of candied fruits, nuts and vegetables (eggplant and pumpkin!). Oregano chay was the final surprise.I'm going back..
The service is excellent.We where quickly assigned an english speaking waitress. She was very helpful with the menu. Menus are also in English. The food came out very quickly as well. It was very tasty. We tried the red lentil soup and the lamb kababs which were excellent. The tea to end the meal was very nice as well. The whole meal was great value. The place is family friendly. It made worth it the trip on ferry from sultanhamed.
I'm totally enamored with this restaurant. The two hours we spent basking in the sun at a table on the street and gorging on food one Saturday after was the best two hours of our recent weekend holiday in Istanbul. Ciya Sofrasi is well worth the ferry journey from the European side to the Asian side. If we hadn't been so lazy, we would have returned for dinner the following day.Like many restaurants in Istanbul, the restaurant - or subdivisions thereof - may be spread across many different restaurant spaces on the same street. In this example, there was Ciya Sofrasi and then directly across the street was Ciya Kebab (that's not the real name but that's the specialty served there). You can sit at either restaurant and order off both menus, so if you cannot find a table at Ciya Sofrasi, then head over to the less popular Ciya Kebab and see what they'll do for you. The bottom line here is that they want your business more than anything.Three aspects to ordering:-Ciya Sofrasi plate-style menu (meaning plates that are cooked by the kitchen and delivered to your table)-Self service - this only includes the cold salads and desserts that are resting on the window ledge-Kebab menu (exactly what it says, kebabs and such)We opted for the self service and kebab menu. Here's what I would suggest:-Self service: Just tell your server that you want self service and then he'll nod and you'll walk inside and load up on a plate. The cashier will place your plate on the scale and give you a printed ticket. Return to your table with your ticket and plate and the server will stop buy and collect your ticket at some point. Repeat this process until you are full.-Order the turkish pizza off the kebab menu.-Order the puffy/puff bread - this bread goes much better with the cold salads than the bread that is served in the basket.-Beer, beer, beer.-Enjoy, enjoy, enjoy.
Came for lunch place wasn't busy but I know it can get that way - food is amazing with rich flavors and the buffet menu changes daily to ensure the seasonal freshness and rotation of hundreds of recipes. Anatolian food at its best!
Everything about this place was delicious. The highlights for lunch were the sausages (using intestine as a casing) stuffed with rice and meat, the lamb stew, and surprisingly the rice. If you opt for the mixed kebab platter, know that it's enough for 2 people. Friendly service, fast service, delicious food.
The varieties of foods are just great, kebab menu and all home made dishes, salad bar and the non alcoholic local drinks all worth to try.
Tons of options for everyone. Delectable southern Turkish cuisine with the menu changing every day.  I suggest to go inside and pick from the open kitchen instead of the menu. Also, a heaven for vegans - see the picture.
This was easily one of our favorite meals in Istanbul, definitely worth the effort to take the ferry over from Sultanahmet if you're a tourist.The only real weakness is the complicated method for acquiring your food, it took us some effort to figure it out.My tips...- Cold mezze's - pick up a plate and serve yourself, have it weighed and give the receipt to your server- Ask the waiter to see the menu to get the lay of the hot food land (things will make way more sense when you see them hot)- Walk up to the hot food bar inside and work with the very nice men behind the counter to identify what you want - you'll need to write it down (and they'll write if if you're nice)- Hand that slip to your server and they'll get the food brought outMy favorite dishes were the cold mezzes, an artichoke heart dish and the eggplant casserole.The manager of this spot, Ibrahim is a super nice guy too. Very interesting to speak with.No alcohol during ramadan, I'm not sure what the policy is during the rest of the year - I think it might be BYO, but check ahead if that's important to you.Make a reservation ahead for dinner, this place is hopping!
When I'm outside of Turkey, this is the restaurant I miss the most. I went again on this trip and it hasn't lost a step.
The food was good. Server recommended some kind of pumpkin dessert. Extremely sweet so you've been warned. Took the ferry just for this due to the recommendation from my hotel front desk. Not really worth the hype. Good to try but the price is pretty high for what it is.
Best kabab at the grand bazzar fresh and tasty. Good service and good food!! I was caught by surprise how good it was. Available seating for about 20 people..
Awesome traditional food. We had soup which was perfect for the cold night we were there. A little spice enough to combine with the heat of the soup to warm us up.The main dishes were perfect. Most you can order half portions and share, which we got 3 halfs and 1 full. Kebab with pomegranate sauce, kebab with garlic, stuffed dried eggplant, and lamb shoulder.Delicious and authentic.It's a bit of a process to order, but don't give up, it's worth the food and experience.Don't forget amazing dessert and of course chai!
We wanted to try a lot of different turkish dishes. This one was recommended in Lonely Planet. The food is really nice here. You get to choose from several hot dishes at the chef or you can choose cold dishes from the salad bar where the price is by weight. We shared six or seven small hot dishes which was enough for one more person. A dish is around 15-25 TL but they are small so you'll need a few unless you order from the menu card. Great service. The area is crowded on weekends.
I've heard that this place is one of the best restaurants in Istanbul, and while the food was good, it didn't completely blow my mind. I knew I wanted a more traditional meal than street food though, and this was a solid option.I ordered the Ciya kabob. The yogurt sauce was tangy and good, but the kebab itself didn't really stand out to me! Perhaps I should've tried some of the meze plates that most people seemed drawn toward.The service was rather friendly and there was lots of space for seating. My meal was next to a couples fight, so it was kind of like dinner and a show (they got back together, btw).TL;DR - do the meze plates.
This place is one of the best restaurants I went to during my 5 days in Istanbul. Lest you forget, Istanbul was Constantinople, but now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople. No matter what you call the city this restaurant calls home, the food here is downright delicious. Don't speak Turkish? No problem. The staff here dabble in Ingles.I do have one tip for you though. Order only what you can see and ask what it is before you order it. My friend made the mistake of ordering a lamb dish which ended up coming in a form that resembled anything but lamb. See, here in Istanbul, they love taking meat and making it into a pudding. By that, I mean they will take something like lamb or chicken, boil it, shred it, and mash it up with things like beans and herbs until it comes to resemble a thick paste. This is the incarnation of lamb that my friend ordered. We thought it was a very unique version of hummus, that is, until our "lamb" never arrived and we came to the conclusion that we did get our dish after all. We weren't able to finish the dish after that. Mashed meat is just not for us.However, everything else was amazing. There is a salad bar that is self-serve and charged by weight. The guy standing behind the massive cauldrons of soups will get you a bowl of anything you see before you. I recommend the lamb and artichoke. If you're from Europe or US/Canada, everything here is downright cheap. The only thing is that this place does not serve alcohol, which I suppose is not so unusual for a Muslim country, but it is somewhat strange for Istanbul which is, in essence, a European city.I will definitely return to this place again next time I'm in Istanbul. It's a must visit if you find yourself in Kadikoy come meal time and are craving some traditional Turkish cooking.
Quite possibly my favorite meal in istanbul.Extremely tourist friendly, a waiter brought me to the front where all the dishes are displayed and answered all my questions.Things I got:Red lentil soupLamb shoulderLamb and eggplant casseroleStuffed dried vegetableThe lamb and eggplant casserole was my favorite. Service was great, wish I had more time in istanbul!Tip -- you can order in half portions and sample a variety of things
It was okay.I really love mumbar so I wanted to try them by when I was there because it was a really long time since I ate mumbar because I haven't been in Adana.I learned that Ciya Sofrasi is an Antep Cuisine so taste of the mumbar was different than what I expected.Basically I was a little disappointed but still it was good.They sold the food by its weight which was very unusual. I will definitely go there again to try something else.
Authentic and varied Turkish food. Your choices of Meze/appetizer selection, which they weigh, numerous Kebab choices, including a pistachio kabab (ground meat) and a baked Kebab in a tray, but also a number of "specials" from which you can choose, served with rice, but you can ask for small samples without it. I tried the okra and a leek in yogurt sauce which was outstanding.
I don't see the hype about this place. I took my couchsurfers here because their budget was a bit higher than most of my surfers, and I was advised that it would be good quality food priced between 20-30TL each, which was true.But for that price...I don't know, I've definitely had better.Something I found strange was actually lack of food they had when we showed up at 8.30pm on a weeknight. It wasn't that late! What time do they close, anyway? They answered that question quickly enough by telling us to leave at 10.The chef serving was nice, so I give it two stars for his friendliness and the "Turkish" feel. Home-cooked food, tables outside, alcohol is served...yeah, all in all not a bad time. But definitely not my favorite place to eat in Istanbul, or Asia, or even Kadikoy, really.
A review for the out-of-towners since I'm sure those who call Istanbul home are well aware of this place:An unusual set up that seems to be popular in Turkey is having several restaurants under one name (I'm pretty sure they're all under the same management) on the same street. Maybe because they're just THAT popular?Anywho, Çiya Sofrası is set up this way. I ate at the first and largest of the Çiya's I saw.Our server was kind enough to direct us (and everyone else who seemed to be new to the restaurant/cuisine) to one of the cooks behind the counter who spoke very good English and explained what each individual item available to view at the counter was. He was tremendously helpful to this Turkish foodie newbie.My boyfriend and I wound up getting a plate of food at the self-service cold appetizers bar, red lentil soup, a lamb and eggplant casserole, a sour okra stew, and this baked dough-wrapped thing of rice and chicken (Turkish is a difficult language so forgive me when names escape me). Compared to the tiringly excessive number kebabs and doners I ate, this was probably the most different, and deliciously satisfying meal I had in Turkey that offered a bunch of variety. We came hungry and left sufficently stuffed. Like a Turkey. Ha...ok, I'll stop.If you make your way to the Asian side of Istanbul, check this place out!
A tasty restaurant full of authentic Turkish food, this spot is popular with both locals and the adventurous tourists who venture over to the Asian side of Istanbul.Call ahead to make a reservation; they're popular for dinner.They serve food buffet style. There is one buffet of cold salads and mezze where you pay by weight and there is a little open kitchen that has lots of pots of hot food. The hot food is ordered by portion (small or large).Everything we tried was tasty and you can eat as much or as little as you want. The service was friendly and the restaurant clean.I'd gladly go back the next time I'm in the area and try the rest of the hot dishes that I skipped this time.
We had a lot of great meals in Turkey but this place was so good that it was worth the hour trekk coming over from the European side to the Asian side.Lots of traditional Turkish dishes that you won't find in a standard Turkish restaurant. They don't serve the same things every day so when we went back the second time looking forward to the kofte and yellow plum stew and discovered they didn't have it, we were a little disappointed. Our faith was restored however when we saw that they had stuffed grape leaves that day!If you're visiting Istanbul, this is a must on your list of to-do's. Make sure to get there as soon as they open for dinner as they start running out of dishes within a few hours of being open - it's that good.
Easily one of the top meals we had in Istanbul. Once seated, the system for ordering was unexpected. For the cold meze bar, you take a plate and fill it up with yummy goodness. Once filled, you weight it and they give you a receipt. I really enjoyed the beet salad which had really subtle herbs and onions mixed in with it that complimented the beets well. Also enjoyed the brown cous-cous dish. It had amazing flavor that was unlike anything I'd had before.As for hot mezes, the ordering is totally different. You walk up to the hot pots on the serving area and order what you want. They will then give you a slip with the dishes you ordered and you give it to your waiter back at the table. The waiter then delivers the hot dishes to you a bit later. Overall, we ended up enjoying the dish that was rice soup with lamb meatballs in it. We had seconds of it after trying a variety of items. We also really enjoyed the lamb stuffed fried bread called kofte.Overall, this is worth hopping the ferry over to Asia for lunch or dinner. We'd highly recommend it.
Çiya is located on the Asian side in Kadiköy, and is accessible by ferry. They have three restaurants on the same street so you can't miss them. I stopped in with a group of friends  and we were seated upstairs. Çiya offers a variety of different mezzes (hot/cold) so you can pick and choose what you'd like to eat based on what's available that day. Prices will vary because they are determined by the weight of your plate.Because we were a large group (10), we asked the manager to select our dishes for us, with the goal of sharing each dish. We were brought 5 vegetarian and 5 non-vegetarian dishes at intervals - this allowed us to savor our dishes without being rushed . I have to be honest - I don't remember everything that we ate, but I can tell you that the food was delicious and fresh - definitely worth the trek over from the European side. The meal was very affordable at 24TL a piece. Çiya is in the fish market, so once you've passed all the fish and produce, you'll find the restaurant.
This is some of the best food I've ever eaten.Fabulous seasoning, excellent service, comfortable ambience.Well worth many ferry rides to get there!
Absolutely divine. Nice home style cooking with a very extensive menu. The service was fast but kind. Great for a quick lunch stop as the food comes out pretty fast , but high quality.  Would easily eat here again.
I located Çiya quite easily--there are 3 restaurants on the same street so it is hard to miss them. They don't actually open until 12 o'clock though so I had some time to explore the markets and surrounding area. I looked into some mosques; poked around bakeries--which clearly had a French influence--offering a blend of traditional Turkish breads and sweets as well as croissants and eclairs; looked through the produce and fish stalls; and was heckled by young guys trying to sell the latest in fake designer fashion.I walked into Çiya and asked the man standing behind the counter what was being offered. I'd read about the system at Çiya: there is a daily menu of quite a few dishes and you simply have to ask what dishes are available. Standing in front of me were around 12 large steaming pots. The man gave me a explanation of what each pot contained and explained that I could choose a small portion or regular portion of whichever I liked. I decided to try a mushroom soup, and what the man had described as a "Spanish-style stew." I wanted to try a third dish as well and asked for the man's recommendation--which was a stew of "fresh garlic."I ordered a half portion of the dessert. The black walnut is soaking in sugary syrup and is served with a portion of kaymak ("Turkish clotted cream"). I cut easily through the syrup-soaked shell. The walnut has a sweet and herbal flavour with woody notes. Combined with the creaminess of the kaymak, the dessert has a flavour somewhat similar to teaberry--but so much better and more complex. The texture of the walnut is almost as fascinating as the flavour.The bill for this lovely meal only came to 34 tl! I paid the bill and poked around the restaurant a bit. There is very nice upstairs seating that can be reached by a small winding staircase. The food, the location, the staff--everything at Çiya was great; the meal at Çiya alone makes the trip out to Kariköy very well worth it.For my full review check out my food blog:http://reestablishingthefoodconnection.blogspot.com/2013/04/the-asian-side-exploring-karikoy-market.html
i probably have insufficient faculty to adequately review Ciya Sofrasi. But this will come in handy in the Fall when I return to Istanbul for the third time. Until then, our last lunch in Istanbul in the Spring of the first visit to this wonderful city in 2011 was fantastic. The boat ride to Kadikoy [Asia] from Karakoy [Europe] was a relaxing prelude replete with a cup of chai on a visit this side of the water.
I tried to find the best restaurants in Istanbul, and this place was #1. I even liked the place so much I've recommended it to everyone I know who travels here. It's really worth the boat ride across the Bosporus to check it out. You'll even get to walk through a more locals-oriented neighborhood. You get to choose a huge range of small dishes (meze) and it's really fun to share. I remember chickpeas in tomato sauce, grilled lamb, yum.Gluten-free notes: Many of the dishes were naturally gluten free.
All the good things you hear about this place are true. Definitely opt for the 'salad bar' - went for a little bit of literally everything. Especially liked the mustard leaf salad which is something I've never had before.After that we went for the entree's and tried the yogurt soup which I really liked as well.
Wonderful Turkish restaurant offering traditional Ottoman dishes for a very reasonable price. And it tastes amazing! How about lamb meat balls with sour cherry sause or aubergine yogurt mezze or thyme tea or pumpkin tahini desert or  or or.. If you are a foody  this place is not to miss. Period.
This is by far the best restaurant I had the pleasure to eat at in Istanbul. Are you frustrated by all the ridiculous places with pictures of food on the menu? Stay away from those. Unlike those places, Ciya does not need a greeter to force you inside. You come in, pick the food from what is cooking in front of you and they bring it to your table. Everything was delicious and the service we could not ask for a better one. The best way to describe Ciya is the food your Turkish great aunt would make. Turks describe Ciya as reminiscent of food from their childhood. Definitely worth a ferry trip to Kadikoy.
In an area studded with superb dining Çiya still stands out. Çiya is a group of restaurants in Kadiköy, in the heart of the bar and cafe area. This review is of Çiya Safrosı. What makes Çiya different is its use of local seasonal ingredients and an eclectic menu that can change from day to day but is always delicious. We had smoked bulgar, plum lamb, occe, kibbeh and the house added yoghurt. 70 TRY sans tip. Singly or mixed, each dish was a delight. Çiya does not do alcohol. But you won't notice and if you do there are countless bars nearby. Eat outside if the weather is right. But beware the smokers. I want to give Çiya 5 but can't quite. 4 but really a 4.7.
This place is simply amazing for traditional yet interesting unique Turkish taste, go ahead and try something new!
I love the food at Çiya. It is a great place for vegetarians and meat lovers (which is perfect for my husband and I). I always bring guests there because it is easy to choose food when you can see what they are.  The prices are nice, and the food is always delicious!
What can be said? Life changing. This was the most complex meal I have eaten in eons. It is one of the top five meals I have eaten in my life. Worth traveling to Istanbul just to eat at this restaurant.
Nice authentic home-cooking feel Turkish food, has 2 sides across the street, one side is the "standard"  meal, the other side is kebab.
I'd give it 10 stars, if I could. An amazing place, heaven for vegetarians and slow-food amateurs. Local foods - stews, pots, lots of vegetables, wonderful seasonal desserts - I was there in November, so it was pumpkin, eggplant, and tomato dessert. Yes, three different ones, and I had double of each - it's so good (though might sound weird for a conventional sweet tooth :)) - kabak tatlisi, patlican tatlisi and domates tatlisi. Highly recommend all of them! If you're gluten-free or have some other preferences, you can ask the waiter for help - they speak pretty good English. A tip - ask for thyme tea, it's not on the menu. Looks like liquid citrine, tastes heavenly
I went based on all the positive reviews. I was very disappointed. I will say if you are headed to the Asia side anyway, and you are looking to walk around the bazaars, this is probably a nice place to stop. But unlike other reviewers I was completely unimpressed with the food or the selection. Everything was grossly overpriced and the quality did not match the price tag. I would not return here. However, a friend of mine who's culinary opinion I value said I should give it another shot as I was obviously at the tourist one. She said she has eaten at the one where it is almost all vegetable and grain dishes and they were very happy with their meals.
Best meal in Turkey, and that's saying a lot since food in Turkey is awesome.  Their take on traditional Turkish food is subtle and delicious.  I really saw a new side to the country and its food.  The stuffed onions were probably my favorite dish. I can't wait to get back to Istanbul to try more of their dishes. I loved how unpretentious the place is and the service was great.
I went there last night. The food was very good. There's a great selection of kebabs and pitas. I would be glad to visit again.
Went there on New Year's Day and it was fantastic walking through Kadikoy Market to get to the restaurant. Service was excellent, food was superflous and can't wait to go back!! Had 4 types of mezze and our mains included lamb intestines. Then, shopped for fresh olives, honey and other items to take back to LA ( since it was our last full day in Istanbul) and jumped on the ferry to Eminonou. A must visit!!!
Great southeastern Turkish cuisine. Located on the Asian side of Istanbul, Kadikoy district is easily accessible by public ferries from the old city area of Istanbul.
The food is pricey, service and the taste of the food is average. I have been here 4-5 times and I think this is a over rated restaurant.
We ate today there, overall: good Southern and traditional Turkish food, reasonable prices.I would go again.
Turkish cuisine couldn't be presented this well. You simply won't get enough of the traditional Turkish tastes you'll have here. Since everything is so delicious, it is hard to put forward a specific dish. The staff is very friendly. Prices are so reasonable. Location is perfect. So what are you waiting for?
This place is a foodie heaven!! I wish we could have revisited the place on our trip, but we were staying on the opposite side of the Bosporus. We had the stuffed intestines (well, mostly me, the hubby tried a bite), mixed cold apps, fried meatballs (wowza, so good!) and a pilaf dish. The stews all look amazing and it's great for non-Turkish speakers because you can see what you order. The menu changes often but definitely order the Turkish meatballs.
The meatballs were wonderful, I also enjoyed the lentil soup, and grape leaves and salad that came alongside the grape leaves. It was a nice to have something besides döner while visiting Turkey! I definitely recommend this restaurant!
Ciya Sofrasi is a great place to grab a bite to eat for both a novice and expert of Turkish cuisine. Conveniently located, clean facilities, and with stellar service, I highly recommend checking out Ciya Sofrasi if you're in the Kadikoy area.
One of the best meals I have had in the Asian side of Istanbul. Çiya Sofrası had unique and delicious food within reasonable price. It made the time I took to explore the Asian side of Istanbul that much worth while. I almost took the ferryboat again from Sultanahmet, where I stayed, to try the food for the second time. Unfortunately, I couldn't afford any time. If you don't opt in for the salad bar, they will give you several different menus including the menu from Çiya Kebap. So, you can actually order from all three Çiya restaurants, which are right next door, by sitting in any one of them. The restaurant is within the walking distance from the Kadikoy pier/marina. You can have lunch here before heading over to Bagdat street or Camlica Hill. Head over to Baylan for their heavenly ice cream after for a perfect ending!
Çiya lives up to the hype. My boyfriend and I loaded up on the cold mezzes. Best yaprak sarma ever! So delicious and pretty affordable.
I've been here several times now with a variety of guests, and we've always been impressed by the quality of the food and service. Typically I order from their impressive kebab menu, but on my last visit I tried some of their  freshly prepared specials of the day, and was really impressed by the unique flavors and textures of their cuisine.
Loved everything, ordered a variety for group to share.  Sat upstairs, great, vibrant setting.
I've been in Istanbul for one month, and have gone here 3 times! Best food in turkey. The food is fresh, local and beyond delicious. I was a bit intimated at first ( no menu) but the selection is plenty.
Really tasty typical turkish food! it was suggested from a turkish friend. the area is quite touristic but nice. the waiter speak a bit of english but is not really necessary since you can see the food and choose dirwctly what you like. the meze (typical turkis starters) are self service and sold by weight, the perfect way to try all of them!!no alcool served here, but instead delicious chai tea.
We have been coming here for years it's the best food in Istanbul. Consistently good.
I believe Ciya ranks as the best restaurant I have been to in my life. They have a changing menu everyday. The food is real authentic Turkish food that is difficult to find in many touristy areas of the city. The only real problem here is not being able to try everything on the menu. Their Turkish coffee and desserts are also excellent.
Your meal brought to the table in full flames.  Cool !!I stumbled on this southern Turkey cuisine restaurant walking from the Grand Bazaar. Just off the main street Yeniceriler Cd. I'm always in search of unique local flavors, Antakya does not disappoint.There's inside, but why.  The weather is great and so are the sites around, grab a table on the front sidewalk. Parking is an issue. But on vacation I walk almost everywhere.Specifically look for the page with the Antakya cuisine. The other dishes are all over the city, but these are truly unique.Granted we ordered way too much for two people but we couldn't decide. First an entire chicken (thank goodness he was kinda small) was stuffed with a flavorful rice and herb mixture, then encased in salt. Assuming it is baked. When the Tuzda Tavuk is brought to the table, it is in full flames. The waiter, with fireproof mitts, cracks the thick salt layer to hatch the juicy tender chicken. Our other choice was Testi Kababi, a clay pot of vegetables- onions, red and green peppers, and mushrooms; and lamb. My impression- think Turkish fajitas. The mixture bakes in a red clay pot and when perfectly tender the pot in full flames is brought to the table. The waiter takes care to knock off the ashes and carefully cracks the pot's seal. Then pours the contents into a sizzling hot cast iron bowl on the table. A large bowl of fresh hot pita bread was served for both dishes.  This was enough food for 4-5 people, but so worth it.Our waiter was simply fabulous. His personality and service top notch. He even left us a small sample of baklava to try with our check.PS - be careful when asking for the check. Sometimes it's misunderstood for hot tea. Ask for the bill.I would absolutely return here again.
We ordered lamb chops & meat kebabLamb chop was saltyMeat kebab wasn't good tasteService averageEnvironment ok
We ordered first lamb chop it was saltyMeat kebab was very bad tasteJuice was goodService was averageEnvironment was not bad
This restaurant is located in the tourist area Sultanahmet so the price is a bit higher. We tried many different dishes such as the pide, Adana kebab, iskender kebab, hatay kebab, steak, lamb and even chicken fettuccine alfredo. The staff is friendly and service is quick. They serve complimentary puffed up pita with yogurt (or you can ask for butter). There is one bathroom. They have indoor and outdoor seating. Overall food is good. Some of it lacked salt.
In Istanbul for a photo gig, I came by this spot because of the reviews and it's close to my hotel. A man, I assume was the owner, Valentin, pointed out a few dishes, but indicated that the stewed Lamb (photo) was great. My grandfather was a Mexican cowboy, he made a flatbread called "pan del Campo" that was similar, he also butchered lamb and prepared a dish that was similar. I have to say, this is definitely the best meal I've had all year, maybe it reminded me of my abuelo, but I guess sometimes the best meals are nostalgic.  Definitely recommend, will be back again on this trip!
I stumbled upon this restaurant around dinner time and decided to give it a try. I was seated right away and was greeted by a friendly waiter.I ordered the Testi Kababi, which came in a clay pot with  lamb and vegetables like peppers and onions. It was delicious and very flavorful. It was quite the experience because my waiter brought it to the table flaming and then he opens the pot and pours the yummy food on the plate. It was a huge portion and between the two of us, we had plenty of leftovers. I highly recommend checking out this place for an authentic and delicious meal.
The ambianceIt is quiet nice and average at best nothing to crazy.They Service is quiet slow even though it is empty at 17:00 they took such a long time until the food was served and you'd think it would taste good but no, my family's appetite was ruined for the rest of the day. I personally don't mind the food tasting a bit off especially when I need to get my protein in but this time I just couldn't finish my chicken it was just too awful. Most of this district has bad food so I wouldn't recommend you eating here at all.They people that worked here were nice and I think they understood that we disliked the food and offered tea on the house. So I hope they improve
The yelp rating is over rated. The service was horrible , the food was average and extremely expensive. You can get much better food and service at other places. Pls avoid this restaurant at all cost. It is a trap for travelers that are visiting the historic sites.
The food at this place was amazing! We're so glad that we took the short walk to it. Always trust a Yelp Review! I felt bad for the guy across the street because everyone would always walk up and come here. Great food and presentation!
Hello...American in Istanbul here traveling for work. I stumbled across this place after visiting the Grand Bazaar and I am so happy I did. Easily one of the best meals I've ever had!! And the people were super kind. I'll come back here next time I'm in Istanbul for sure.
Absolutely Delicious! The Chicken in Salt crust is Outstanding! The Complimentary Fresh Baked Pita is a wonderful plus. Service was delightful too! Highly recommend!
Excellent menu and unmatched service!  We had just landed in Istanbul for the first time and stopped in for a snack. We quickly wished for larger appetite. Oscar made a number of very helpful recommendations. We then did an override and picked a few familiar and lighter options- green salad, hummus, and cheese pita. Oscar then brought out a complementary bread basket, which included a steaming hot puffed sesame pita straight from the oven, accompanied by a spicy red sauce and rich yogurt dip - delish! The food arrived at the table very quickly. Everything was delicious.As we ate, we watched the stream of impeccably plated dishes delivered to other lucky diners. The lamb casserole in particular smelled amazing! By the end of our light meal, we were envious of the other diners, but stuffed. Oscar insisted that we try the local baklava and us a piece. It is fabulous! Not too rich or sweet, so the flavors of the nut filling really pop. Of course we did manage to save room for the apple tea mentioned in so many reviews. It is wonderful, particularly on a cool day.Overall, it is clear that management of this restaurant is more interested in creating a happy customer than turning a quick tourist dollar. Don't let the location fool you. This Turkish restaurant is top notch. Their chef and waitstaff are committed to a perfect dining experience.
The food was amazing in the service was excellent. The restaurant is very cozy and we thoroughly enjoyed our evening.
Great food and service and location! Would definitely recommend, and not too far from main attractions in the old town.
Excellent dinner location. The food was delicious and plentiful. We ordered a clay pot entree which was enough for two. Can't wait to come back and try it again.
I mostly ate appetizers and they were excellent. Nice fresh bread (both the pita-type and something more roll-like) came with them too. Didn't drink wine but my friends did and they seemed very happy. Service was very friendly and attentive. We sat outside and enjoyed the fresh air.
Walked into this Resturant after flying into Istanbul. We were greeted by a courteous server who explained the menu to us.We started the meal with a complimentary bread plate. The large crusty flatbread was steaming fresh from the over. It was covered in toasted sesame. A great start to an awesome meal.I had a mixed kabob plate plate which had a mince meat kabob, lamb kabob, and chicken kabob. It was on a bed of fried bread topped with a creamy Laban. One of the best Turkish meals I've ever had.My husband had the Adana which was also very well spiced.The complementary apple tea is a must try!! Delicious!!!
We were recommended by the hotel to go. The restaurant recommended the house special plates, one meat and one mixed fish plate. Both are disappointing, especially the fish plate is definitely not worth 750TL. We are very disappointed compared to other restaurants we tried in Istanbul.
the greeter standing outside was ill mannered , we asked him something , he started cussing at us ... the food was horrible !!!
2nd day in Istanbul we decided to try some transitional Turkish dishes, and yelp brought us here...The food is very fresh and yummy! The chicken in salt definitely a treat to the eyes and stomachThe grill whole sea bass very fresh and cooked just right!!The hosts here are so friendly and nice. Especially the "31" years old single host Valentine!!! Free dessert on the house too
For starters, we had Karisik Meze Tabagi. It is a mix sampler of all of their dip appetizers. I loved their humus, Patlican Soslu (Eggplant souce) and Abugannus (eggplant salad).We also had One of their regional special food Tuzda Kuzu. It is lamb baked in salt and good for 2 people. The lamb is really tender and the lamb taste is really good. Along with the rice mixed with herbs, nuts and dried fruits, it is really awesome. Paired with their house wine, it is perfect!To top it all, try their turkish coffee. I've learned ahead that turkish coffee is really sweet. So if you are a coffee lover like me who loves to enjoy the pure flavors of coffee, you can ask the servers to put just a little sugar to your mix.
The pita was really unique and I loved the seeds on it. The meze platter was not as good as the previous ones I tried but was still solid. The lentil soup was great too!
It was our first night in Istanbul and the Yelp reviews for Antakya steered us here.Good move!Clean, attractive, and comfortable. Wait staff and management were courteous and helpful, and perhaps amused by Americans.We opened with a bread basket and assorted accompaniments, all interesting and delicious. The bread on the top of the basket was a big puffy balloon of charred bread and underneath was a patterned flat bread. I know, those of you who know Turkish cuisine are laughing at me for not knowing the names of any of these. I don't mind, I got to eat them. Both fresh and delicious.We followed their suggestions and ordered two of the four two-person items on the back page of the menu. One was a clay pot, which comes to the table on a tray that is on fire, After it burns for a while, the waiter cracks open the top in a loud, showy display and pours out the contents -- chicken or lamb and a few vegetables with have stewed inside the pot. This was good, but not great. Flavorful but should have been spicier. Worth the show for the first time here, though.More interesting was the assortment platter. Favorites: The lamb kebabs (kefta) and the grilled chicken wings. The rest was as with the clay pot: Good but needs a heavier hand with the spices.Best choice was the must-have dessert, kunefe. Moderately sweet, buttery cake with crispy bits that I thought were shredded wheat but apparently are noodle threads. Inside was a melty, stretchy cheese. I ate way more than my share.Overall: Very interesting food, expertly prepared. If you have an American palette, go for the samplers but if you are more adventurous, I would go for menu items and share.
I am not going to lie, at first I did not like this place. I was upset that map led us to a tourist area to eat. The guy was super aggressive like the other restaurant promoters. In general that is usually a bad sign when travelling but I was wrong. We sat down and I got the lamb with the eggplant blend into a dip. It was amazing. The lamb was super tender and paired well with the eggplant and the bread. It was one of the best meals I had in Turkey. We use the app to get free Turkish coffees and the gave us free apple teas on the house. Despite being in a tourist area, I would come back. I will note, it is not cheap as street food but is not crazy price.
I am writing this review as I sip my delicious apple tea outside anatakya restaurant.Murat was our server. Very friendly . We ordered bunch of items. All were delicious. There bread and homemade yogurt is good.  Very kind staff and respectful. Fast service!I will def come again !!!!
Excellent mixed plate! Wonderful service and staff.Generous- must try the Kunefe dessert you won't be disappointed!
We had the pita bread, hummus and the Hatay Kebab.  The service was great, the bathroom was clean and the food was amazing!
Get the salt lamb, it'll change your life.don't fill up on the free bread (as tempting as it may be)
Amazing food and service!!! A must in Istanbul! We orderes the adana kabob, chicken quesadilla, and cheese and meat pita..they were all so delicious!
Came in for lunch, ordered lamb kebabs. Nice restaurant for kebabs, very close to grand bazzar! Servie is really good and liked the eggplant salad the most!
The food was great and the service amazing!I loved the fresh fish on the grill.Nice Turkish experience!
Antakya has very high reviews, but it's not clear why. Overall our meal was pricy and poorly executed.Price: 195 lira for two appetizers, two entrees, and two beers.Highlights: Lamb and cheese pide, fresh bread.Lowlights: everything elseOur meal started with a complimentary breadbasket, topped with piping hot, fresh bread. We tore through it, only to be greeted by rubbery old bread underneath.Next up were appetizers. The dolmas were dreadful. They were flavorless, slimy, and falling apart. It's as if they came from a cheap can. The Kibbeh were better, but not evenly heated. The insides were lukewarm.Of the entrees, the lamb and cheese pide was tasty and enjoyed by all. The other dish we ordered (a bread wrapped kebap listed as a regional specialty) was mediocre.Maybe there's a trick to ordering here. There were definitely some nice things but the overall meal wasn't a good one.
Get a clay pot dish, it's on fire, tons of fun and will give you a small taste of salt bae! (known as Nusret in Turkey)Their kebaps and appys are all good, but certainly not the best in the Grand Bazaar area.It's a bit pricier but the quality and the hospitality is worth it! Plus, free apple tea! :)
Lovely and delicious place in Istanbul's old city. The staff were helpful and friendly, and they speak English. I had the seafood casserole and mom had the lamb with eggplant, we were pretty happy with both. I also recommend the eggplant with yogurt for an appetizer. To top it off they gave us apple tea and sweet baklava on the house, yum.
Came here on our first night based on yelp reviews. The food and service were excellent. We tried the clay pot chicken, pide (Turkish pizza) some small plates, everything was great. This place lived up to its expectations.We returned a second time to try the kebab platter, and the rice pudding these were also delicious.
My husband and I had an early lunch here Last Monday.  It was delicious.  We got Pide and meatballs with rice.  So good!  We loved the hot steaming pillow of ekmek.  We also ordered a couple rounds of Efes.  It was a wonderful Turkish meal.  I would return.  I wish we had more time.  We weren't able to use our check in offer.
We can here after yelping for some good restaurant and we were not disappointed. They have a good menu with pictures which was very helpful. We ordered the mazaa platter and Iskander kebap. We were served tea and some sweets on the house. Staff is friendly and food is good. Worth a try
The testi  kebab was so yummy, and the service is excellent. A nice restaurant indeed!
The kebap here is amazing. I was worried about hanging out at night but the area here is crowded even at night. Waiters are hospitalized
Excellent food, impeccable service.This was my first meal in Istanbul and it was perfect. Neither the food nor the atmosphere is elaborate; both were simple, straightforward and good.I visited late on a cold - it was actually snowing - night in January. I was warmly welcomed and quickly chose the lamb casserole. While I was waiting, I perished the rest of the menu; there are at least a dozen other menu items I'd like to try.The casserole was spot on: a bubbling bowl of tender, lean lamb, fresh tomatoes, bright peppers and mushrooms that harmonized to make a perfect antidote for the cold night.Nice people, unassuming place, good food.
I was not impressed by this restaurant since I had better food in a similar restaurant in New York City. Food was good but if a restaurant in New York is better than you and you are in Istanbul that doesn't make you the best restaurant and that's not a good thing either. I think this restaurant is overrated I had tried better restaurants in Istanbul and better quality of food. Customer service was okay not really outstanding either. I wasn't impressed. I don't think I even finished my food. Maybe they can work a little bit more on the quality of it.
Great food and great service. Had the mixed platter , chicken cutlet and lamb over eggplant. All superb. Nice way to eat here for lunch and end our trip. We will be back!
The short version: come here and you won't be disappointed.  Excellent food, exceptional service and great atmosphere, all at very reasonable prices. As a bonus, they are conveniently close to the grand bazaar and tram stop.  For the long version, read on.Over the course of my week in Istanbul, I ate three dinners at Antakya. I rarely go to the same place twice when visiting a new city, but the service, food and atmosphere brought me back.Originally, I was looking for a different restaurant, but it was raining, and recognizing the name of Antakya from Yelp, I was quickly ushered in. Right away the maitre d struck up a casual conversation about soccer, and offered to turn on any match I'd like to watch.   There are two reasonably-sized screens and no volume. Good if you want to watch, but not bothersome if you don't.  I was alone, so this was a plus.  They also have free wifi, which was very helpful to me, as my phone wasn't working, and I only had an ipod with wifi.It was a Friday night in late March, and there was a lively atmosphere.  The music was upbeat, and I noticed the volume was subtly adjusted on several occasions so as not to be too loud. The restaurant was well lit, and the atmosphere was energizing.  At one point, a flaming dish with a clay pot was brought out and the pot was cracked open, emptying the contents onto a patron's plate.The menu had a lot of variety beyond your standard kebap and pide, although it had those too. It's well organized, with lots of pictures for foreigners like myself.  The prices are very reasonable - comparable to lunch on sultanahmet square (15-30 lyra mains). I also saw them provide service to multiple groups in Russian and Spanish, and did not hesitate to speak some German and Italian too.I ordered a lentil soup and a Hatay kebap.  First, they brought out a pita with yogurt and olive oil. The pita had been toasted over a fire, and was inflated like a balloon (see pics). Steam billowed out as I tore it open.  The yogurt was tart and thick, and the olive oil drizzled over it was excellent.  Soon after, the lentil soup arrived. It was well seasoned and creamy.  Once I had finished the soup, they took it away and brought out the Hatay kebap with a second beer.  It was served with grilled pepper and tomato, and a yogurt drizzled with pomegranate molasses for dipping.  The lamb casserole I had on the second night  was delicious too.  I'd recommend either of these over the standard adana kebap, which I had the third night.  All nights, the food was very good, if not excellent.After I had finished my meal, I was offered tea or coffee on the house, which I gladly accepted. I had been writing down some thoughts about my trip, and enjoyed having a nice place to pass the time. I did this all three nights, and not once did they ever rush me or offer me the bill - even as tables became scarce and I occupied a well-positioned table for 4.I think the best part was that even on the second night, multiple servers had recognized me, treated me as a friend, and had remembered my drink preferences from the night before.  By the third night, even the man on the street recognized me from a block away, and warmly greeted me as I approached.  On my last night, the waiter even brought me a shot on the house with my bill.Overall, Antakya provided exceptional service with great food and an enjoyable atmosphere.  I highly recommended it to anyone looking for a dependable Turkish restaurant close to the grand bazaar.
Really great Turkish food. It's near the Grand Bazaar and the price here is very reasonable. The boss is very friendly and recommended a few dishes, but I went to the plateau kebab that has a mix of meats, tomatoes and comes in a nice bronze dish. The food was tasty and yummy. Will come back here again.
Great food great service , kebab selections are great. Clean atmosphere. Valentine was very helpful  and he will guide you
Went with my wife for a late night dinner, we ordered the mixed appetizer platter, mixed kebabs plate and another plate of the turkish specialties , the food was very delicious, and the staff were very friendly
Recommended by the Hotel Niles staff. We ended up coming to this restaurant twice during our trip. The food is delicious! Very friendly staff and handsome boss. Plus their Wifi is very fast. Seabass is great with very reasonable price if u like seafood.Tesekurler
Good food, good service, good location and friendly staff. It's a safe bet for anyone not familiar with the area. They are a little over enthused about pulling people off the street but that's fun to watch the staff hustle hard for customers.
It's good. But nothing special.  Had the spicy appetizer which was very small.  Then had the lamb casserole, which was good.  Service was very good.  Considering how close it is to the Grand Bazaar, the prices are OK.  Just thinking you can do much better.
We went in to this place on a whim. Guys from different places were hawking us on the street, and these guys bothered us the least, so we decided to hop in. We were not disappointed. We ordered a Mezze Plate and some Turkish Ravioli (I didn't realize there was a thing) and they were both delicious. That was all we really needed, as the food was very filling. They give you bread that comes out all hot and fluffy, which was perfect.About halfway through our meal the place really started to fill up. Someone ordered a flaming soup of some sort. They do a whole performance where the soup comes in a ceramic pot thats cooking in an open flame. Then they break open the top of the pot with a stick and dump it into a pan for you to dab at with bread and such. It was pretty cool.The owner or manager (not sure which) was very nice, and he came over to joke around with us at the end of our meal. After our bill came they gave us two free glasses of apple tea, which was perfect. We really didn't want to leave as it was nice and warm in there. The bill was decent, kind of middle of the road on the low end, so pretty affordable if your there on a traveler's budget.
Great food, friendly staff, and very well priced. The mixed grilled meat platter was excellent and came with a great presentation (See Photo). Would definitely recommend.
Do not try this place. The bread is stale, the rice is cold, the fries are cold and the Mezza is disappointing at best. My husband ordered the mixed grill and the drumstick was not cooked. The quality of food is very very low, I honestly think some of these 2+ star ratings are fake.
It is a really nice restaurant, food is good, we had a very good time here. I will definitely come back when I visit Turkey again!
Antakya kitchen is very well known with spices.Workers are having smiling faces.Delicious,
Food here is amazing and the service is even better. Bilal was awesome and was really attentive and nice. They brought me some awesome bread and Turkish tea for free which was really unexpected. Over all this place is a real 5 star restaurant and I will defiantly come back here.
I enjoyed the music and the beautiful foodPeople very nice and the place near to the metro station
Antakya is superb! Murat was the best- extremely friendly and speedy service, delicious food, and a great atmosphere. Couldn't recommend it any more!
The Shish kebab had been burned for the most part and it was served cold.. the rice was tasteless and cold as well. Most importantly, when I brought these issues to their attention, they did not really care and just walked away. For a restaurant around the Grand Bazaar of Istanbul, this was a total failure. You can definitely find better places!
Nice clean little spot amongst so many options to choose from within walking distance from, 'Grand Bazaar'. Friendly service, I had the beef kebab w/saffron rice...a must try if you haven't had it before! 4-Stars because I'm gauging this place to DTLA Jewelry District. -Blessingsnote: No pic phone was dead!-PS: Istanbul Turkey is a must visit
Had their firey-salt encrusted fish dinner with our first night in Istanbul. It was a real treat to meet such wonderful restaurant owners and meet a couple of the patrons tonight. As others have noticed, they were very polite, and pointed out great suggestions on their menus. As Americans, we are used to a faster kind of service, but the staff made our wait easy and accommodated our time with conversation and drinks. Yes, there is a wait time, but we also need to remember where we are in this world and enjoy the time we have with others. I do plan for another visit in the future - really enjoy our dinner tonight.
Delicious, simply made, very approachable Turkish/Middle Eastern food served by a polite, courteous staff who seem genuinely interested in giving you a good dining experience. We had the lamb shish kebab and the spiced minced meat kebab and while both were tasty, the lamb kebab was excellent. Also mentionable were: eggplant appetizer, fresh flat bread, fresh pomegranate juice (note: not as sweet as the bottled sort you usually buy in the US). Did I also mention the free apple tea and delicious goat cheese (think silky ricotta) with herby olive oil?FYI: we came tonight (early April) around 8PM for dinner and know basically one or two Turkish words between the two of us. Dinner was around 107TL (approx. $38USD) at the time of this review.
Good not excellent and a little bit expensive for the content of the plate and the quality.I would not go back again but the staff was friendly.
Antakya is a delight.  The service was fast and friendly, the food was excellent, and the prices are very reasonable.  Based on our server's suggestions, I ordered Kirde, a typical Ottoman dish consisting of pieces of lamb baked in a black iron deep-dish layered with yogurt, pita slices, and peppers.  I do not like bell peppers, so when I saw them I was worried, but once I tasted it, wow.  I'd definitely order it again.  My son ordered Tray Kebap, which was minced meat with spices wrapped in pastry dough and baked, served with a thick yogurt sauce and grilled tomatoes -- also extremely tasty.  The meat flavoring was delicate enough that you wanted to go light on the yogurt to keep from overpowering it.  My daughter ordered spaghetti Napolitano, wanting to take a break from Turkish cuisine for a night, which she enjoyed quite a bit.  5-stars on the food.Service was also 5-stars.  The waiter was friendly and chatty, but not too chatty.  On top of what we ordered, they brought us great fresh cooked bread and then turkish tea to close things off.If you're in the area, I'd highly recommend swinging by Antakya.  If I were a local, I'd definitely come back.
Oh my gosh, what an amazing experience! We were here in July2018. The service was better than good. Food was amazing. Ambiance was better than I could have imagined. This place is not to be missed!
This place is overrated the food we ordered was bland.I ordered the lamb chops which were over cooked and I couldn't bite or cut them up. My husband ordered the pide and it has no flavor at all. We also ordered a kebab for my daughter who was really unimpressed with the lack of flavor. They brought out cut up bread but it was cold and not good.The best part was the hot bread they brought out with the labne.
This was the best meal I had while in Istanbul. We had a wonderful and attentive waiter who had lots of genuine chat with us and gave my mother a rundown of football in Istanbul and local wine. My sister had been waiting the whole trip to have her perfect lamb kebab with yogurt and finally got it here. The bread was fantastic. The shrimp starter was delicious with the tastiest sauce. My lamb kebab on a bed of aubergine was my favourite of the trip!
Fabulous food, wonderful service, open late, speak English. Our first restaurant in Istanbul and 100% worth it
Tourist restaurant but solid Turkish Food.Solid food, friendly service in tourist area near Grand Bazaar. Waiters super friendly and heloful. Veggie Casserole was outstanding. Salt Chicken quite good.
Excellent food and service. We had the Turkish Ravioli, The Meatballs, The Roasted Almond Hummus, and the Sizzling Kebab Made in a Clay Por (Very Unique!). The staff was very attentive and helpful. Highly Recommend to anyone visiting Istanbul
The price is reasonable, the service is excellent. They also have a large menu selection. I chose from they're ottoman menu page
Amazing meal and attentive staff. Had the thyme kabob and variety starter, all delicious!
My favorite restaurant in Istanbul. The food is amazing and the restaurant provides a very authentic experience. Conveniently located off the metro line and in the heart of Old Town. You can't go wrong with the Sultan's Favorite, possibly the best lamb/eggplant dish I have had in Turkey.
They give free herbal tea after your meal and cooking for them is like a theatrical show.  Good food.  Reasonable price for Old Istanbul.
Relying on Yelp to bring us to a decent restaurant to eat at, after visiting the Grand Bazaar, we came to this restaurant. While it seems to be one of the most reviewed restaurants on Yelp within the area and seems to have a decent rating of 4.5 stars, I knew something was odd when we were seated and the table was dirty with stains on the table cloth.The fish was not good, and tasted old. The kafteh looked so unappetizing, but being so hungry we took a bite which was followed by instant regret. The fries were on a different level of bad. I'd rather have McDonald's fries, at least those are fresh. I thoroughly lost my appetite after eating at this place for the next couple days. Don't be fooled by the reviews, walk by and see the place for yourself. Excuse yourself when you've had enough.The only reason why I'm giving this restaurant 2 stars is because the only good part about this restaurant was the entertainment. The restaurant does not directly offer entertainment, but there is competition on the opposite side of the street and it is hilarious watching both hosts/owners of the restaurant pressure tourists walking by while harassing them with menus to come eat at their own restaurants. The loser of the battle takes the walk of shame back to his restaurant, glaring enviously at the winner with no new customers successfully conned into eating their sad excuse for food.
We came here looking for a spot next to the grand bazaar. And the food was amazing compared to some of the other places we tried. Highly recommend the manti if you like beef ravioli with a garlic oil sauce.  all in all good and service was very good.
Very friendly service and good food, the proximity to the market is a huge plus and the kebab was excellent. They even gave us free tea and coffee at the end, I got the apple tea which tasted just like hot apple cider and reminded me of home!
My friend and I decided to eat at this restaurant for our first Turkish food experience. We we're not sure what to eat so we took recommendations and sampled 3 separate dishes. To be honest I cannot tell you what the names of the dishes were, but I can tell you that they were all very delicious. The staff was very friendly and they provided us with complimentary drinks. It was a great way to start off our trip, but this restaurant set very high food standards for the rest of the trip which unfortunately other restaurants dos not meet :( please go here!
I got the Tray Kebab, and it was very good and flavorful. They gave us free Apple Tea, and the waiters make good conversation and are very attentive.
We came here on our first night in Istanbul, jet lagged and hungry we were welcomed by the friendly staff. They brought out lavash and pita with a yogurt sauce to get us started.We ordered the baked hummus with almonds and the lamb kababs. The baked hummus was good but different than the hummus we usually get in the U.S.  The lamb was tender, well seasoned and not on skewers which I though was a plus. They invited us to try apple tea and not being a tea drinker, I declined but they insisted. I'm so glad they did...it was delicious and like a tarter version of a hot apple cider.We'd certainly come back!
Suggested by Sami from our hotel, Antakya Restaurant was the perfect way to end our stay in Istanbul.  The service was warm and friendly, open-air seating so inviting, the food delivered, and that tea...Still stuffed from our lunch that day and an early evening snack of salad & wine, we opted to share a pide and künefe (of course!).  Best way to describe a pide is sort of a Turkish calzone/pizza.  We got the meat one (sort of like a meat-lovers lol) and it tasted great with cheeses that tasted similar to feta and mozzarella.  The vegetables did not take a backseat at all as you could really taste them side-by-side with the loaded meats.  Now, the künefe.  Easily my favorite Turkish dessert.  It's melty white cheese covered by crispy, shredded phyllo dough on both sides, covered in simple syrup, and then crushed pistachio for garnish & a break in flavors.To finish our meal, I asked for decaffeinated tea, and our server goes, "I can make you mint tea."  And I asked, "Okay, but no caffeine, right?"  And he said, "Yes, no caffeine.  I will make it fresh and boil the leaves."  WHATTT.  He came back with thee most amazing, freshest tasting tea I have ever had.  Sooo tasty and all I saw in front of me were the greenest looking mint leaves in my tea cup with a lemon wedge.  I was amazed!  And delighted. :)FYIThey take cc.Around the corner from the Beyazit tram stop.The owner loves Latin music so all that was playing was salsa, bachata, and reggaeton.  YES!
We Yelped and came here for dinner. The atmosphere was warm and welcoming. The food was delicious and the service, outstanding. Thank you fellow yelpers for your guidance. We started with a the mezze plate and it arrived accompanied by a basket of warm ciabatta type bread and a beautiful warm puffed flatbread. Perfect for dipping and scooping the tasty mezze.We ordered the Antakya incisi and the Vezir kebabi and shared. We we equally satisfied and finished our plates. As a bonus, when we checked we received complimentary Turkish coffee and tea. A lovely end to a delicious meal.
I'm not a fan of hummus or the rice wrapped in a grape vine leaf, but I tried it and it was * amazing * -- now I can't ever have hummus without comparing it to Antakya's. The home-baked bread was mind blowing & the Mezze starter was a winner. I had the mixed grilled chicken plate & my wife had the calamari and we were so happily fed, we nearly couldn't finish our delicious post-meal Apple tea (so good). Our host was very gracious and attentive, and treated us great. We definitely suggest that people go there when visiting Istanbul. 5 stars +
The food was not as you'd expect of a restaurant from Antakya region. The prices are very touristy.
Excellent food. Excellent service.We had the iskender based on recommendation from the waiter and he was not wrong. The tomato sauce in the doner was amazing. The breads were delicious and very fresh. They brought out this basket topped with a pita fresh out of the oven. When we cut open the inflated pita, all the steam was released and I "ooohed" aloud.We also got a mix plate of veg, olives, cheese. Ingredients were fresh and delicious.The meal was finished with some gratis Elma cay which is an apple tea. Overall great dining experience in Istanbul.
We had such a wonderful lunch here. Service was spectacular; we wanted a light lunch and they choreographed it so wonderfully. In a touristy spot but the food is excellent. Get the grilled sea bream and then let them choose the accompaniments! And the host made us laugh which is always a plus. Thanks Perfect! :)
The food is good, in a great spot near Grand Bazaar. Very chilled, staff are excellent. Would come back here. The beer is good too.
Amazing Turkish cuisine, so many specialities and differences that you must try!We had the cream yogurt with garlic to start. Turkish bread is awesome, like a big empty pita puffball. Next we got the wrap kebabs and the pearl of Antakya. The Stewed Meatballs dish was the perfect portion for a hungry man who also loves spicy food.The server Murat was also very gracious and we got the free Turkish coffee after dinner check in offer for our whole table!!
We've had the Turkish pita with meat, seafood in the metal dish, and the yogurt eggplant with buttered meat. All 3 dishes were good, but not great. The Turkish pita tastes like any fast food thin crust pizza, the seafood/buttered meat was salty. Took over 30 minutes for the staff to procure the food and the free bread with yogurt and oil was mediocre and frankly unnecessary. One staff member was real cool though!
Nice spot right across from the grand bazar. We have been to a number of Turkish restaurants in Istanbul, this one ended up as our favorite so we went back. They have dishes from different regions in turkey but I preferred the sis kabob plates. The food was well seasoned and came out hot with just enough char to give you the grilled flavor. The breads were also amazing. The pita comes out piping hot with steam coming out of it when you tear it open. We have had similar breads in other places but this was the only place where the bread was piping hot. We had the chance to interact with a number of the staff and everyone was helpful and friendly. Usually restaurants in the heart of tourist spots run low on quality and flavor but this place did not disappoint.
Food is delicious, Turkish pita is better than pizza. Manager was so considerate, when we ordered chilli source, he gave us 3 different kind, including Chinese one, because we are Chinese.Also he provided us Turkish tea on house, super nice!!! Thank you! Recommend it!!!
This is probably the worst food I had during our trip. Typical of so many restaurants, hustlers on the outside trying to engage with you sleazily. Food arrived covered with plastic wrap, having been clearly microwaved.    Yuck.
I typically do not prefer being accosted in the middle of the street by restaurant owners/sales folks, who try and sell me their food.But on this one occasion, an extremely hungry, jet-lagged wee little me decided to take the bait and well, I do not regret it. (Actually, I do a little, but keep reading!)We were seated instantly and were greeted by multiple people, inquiring where we were from etc. You know, the usual pleasantries and faff.We ordered a bunch of items including the adana kebab, the veggie pide, 2 turkish teas, bread with babaganoush & tzatziki. And quite honestly, the adana kebab we ate here was the best that we tasted in all of Turkey! It was grilled and seasoned to perfection. No oil dripping down wrist situation. The bread was also phenomenally soft and the pide didn't stand a chance. We pretty much inhaled the food.The turkish tea was mild, compared to most places we drank tea at. Gork?!They did serve us some complimentary apple tea and dessert, which was basically a sugar soaked apricot-y thing. It was delicious.Service was excellent. Very courteous and polite. And they took the effort to explain some of the items on the menu to us ignorant folk :)I would have given this place 5 stars, if it weren't for the prices! It is a little on the higher side. Mind you, it's a nice little restaurant. But still.... our journey into Turkey started with a hole in our wallets...
Food was uninspired and servers were condescending.The bill was exaggerated from the already expensive 56 + fictional TAX of 6 = 62TL to 72TL just a little mistake the server responded :))I'm sorry for this place. Go somewhere else in lovely Istanbul!!Later Update copied from my Yelp messages.- Antakya R:Business Ownerhello mr, mrs: its wrong place you reviewed we dont have any problem and the bill like 60-70 tl.please remove you review.- George B: You remember very well I shared my displeasure with you establishment. Ask you waiter! 9+19+28+(fake 6 Tax)=62 you ask for 72.Is really unfortunate you have to conduct your restaurant this way. You are going to leave many people with bad taste from their Istanbul experience.
*Ambiance:touristy and very tacky.*Service:excellent and very warm.*Food:we both got a little stomachache, but also the taste wasn't there at some of it. Don't get me wrong, the food looked great but missing the a touch of a homemade style.*The experience Overall:it's not an authentic place to be. I gave 1 star for the great service we received.* Would I go back again:definitely no!!
We were staying at our usual Old City Istanbul hotel, the Best Western President Hotel and were aching for someplace new to eat other than the hotel's Terrace Restaurant. What luck we had when we found Antakya Restaurant on Yelp. A most friendly staff and varied Turkish menu made this a good find in a section of town packed with hard to choose restaurants. They have Turkish pizza - pide - to satisfy kids and great kebab and meat/fish/poultry dishes for the adults. We had baked hummus with almonds as a hot appetizer - delicious! The people at the next table had a flaming salt lamb that made a spectacular entrance. All in all a great dinner menu. We topped off our meal with soutlach - traditional Turkish rice pudding and the restaurant was kind enough to treat us to a lovely apple tea after that.We'd definitely recommend this if you're in the Old City!
Good service. Waiter and boss speak English, so they can understand our needs. Food price is rasonable. Clay pot kebap is our favorite dish.
They had the best yoghurt I've had in years, and I have tried many. The only time I tasted anything like it was many years ago when I had taken a trip to a relatively remote Iranian village. They process the yoghurt by putting it in a large cloth bag and letting it seap water for months. Nowadays they try to rush that process to make it economic, but that won't achieve the same taste or texture. This yoghurt though was absolutely delicious and refreshing. Highly recommended.The waiter (Bilal) is a very nice guy who chats with customers and speaks quite a few languages. Best waiter I have had in Istanbul so far.The main course was delicious and as far as I could tell, it was authentic.Overall, a nice experience. I recommend it.
This was a great spot to eat. They had a great combination of different foods. From salads to pizzas to traditional Turkish food. Everyone in my party was satisfied. Their Hatay Kebab was absolutely delicious and quite filling. If you are looking for something fresh and light their mountain thyme salad is a great option. If you are traveling with a child, they have Turkish pitas which are like pizza but a little different. We had the baklava for dessert which was so warm gooey and delicious. Followed by an espresso and Turkish coffee. The fresh orange juice is great here too. It's located on the street so you can people watch. Great experience, I would recommend.
Such amazing food and service. Friendly staff who are generous and helpful. Really enjoyed my meal and that ambiance. A local place where locals eat a short walk from the Old Bazaar. English speaking staff so great for those who haven't mastered Turkish yet.
This restaurant was recommended by Hotel Niles. It was very busy Tuesday night but the service staff are attentive and excellent. The owner was friendly and recommended suggestions about food and local wine. Even though they don't have baba ghanoush on the menu for appetizer, they gladly cook the dish for us. All food we ordered are delicious, especially the flat bread, the lamb dish that was cooked on a clay pot as well as the local red wine. Definitely a must try if you're in Istanbul! - with Tekin Y. 15/09/15
The service is really great and the food is amazing. We ordered the eggplant meze, chicken steak and Iskender kebab. I definitely recommend.
Good food. Excellent service. Wish we had more time in Istanbul to sample more of their dishes. Very friendly staff.
The place is in a good location and has a nice open and really clean feel to it. The staff were curious and great with our two girls that are 2 and 6.The food was great, the mains were what you'd come to expect from a Turkish restaurant although you do pay slightly more for the cleaner environment and alcohol which we had some wine which was really clean and nice. The deserts were like nothing I had ever seen or tasted though.There was a shredded goats cheese that was covered in syrup and fried and a pumpkin with a Honey and tahini syrup. Both were so different that they were had to get a read on but very morish.
We found this place using Yelp reviews after we exited the bazaar and it did not disappoint. We got the lentil soup, shared a hummus plate and  another kebab plate with refreshing yogurt mixed with a zesty tomato sauce. Overall a delicious meal and great service!
I haven't really tried much but i had a tea and a soup and both were good. The service is good and helpful and they seem to have variety of food selections.
Directly across from hookah alley. Pleasant service, good food, and the couch-tables are comfy!Why am I giving it three stars? Like most restaurants in Istanbul, they have a guy who tries to get people to eat here. My girlfriend and I were very disappointed by how aggressive their guy is. I know it's his job, but if we had not already decided to come here, his hustling would have totally turned us away. Makes it worse because the restaurant literally next door has their own hustlers, and tourists were being accosted by two VERY aggressive people. Not cool.
Great food and nice people! You usually get tea and traditional bread loaf on the house!
The reviews are higher than the real. I am not sure why.  We tried this restaurant by reading the reviews few days back  but ended with nothing satisfying - the service , the food . And we waited for 20 mins to pay bill.  So I highly do not recommend.
You sometimes u keep looking and you hear from people. But really sometimes people really don't know. Coz we have been in town for three days and people kept on saying to taksim and this and that. But never mentioned this restaurant. We are so glad we used tripadvisor to find this place. 5 stars food and service and place. Clean. Good people and welcoming. Since today is our last day this restaurant  was a very beautiful way to say good bye to Istanbul. Beautiful beautiful beautiful. Every thing about it is beautiful.
Service was slow while the restaurant was not busy. Food was overpriced for what we got.
Great food and excellent service! Bilal and Burhan were very helpful and friendly! Had been eating there twice, before was for a doner kebap dinner and just now was for a late lunch with grilled chicken and rice. Recommended place, excellent food, great service, good value for money. And this place is only 2 minutes away from Grand Bazaar...
This place is just a bit off the beaten track but it's well worth seeking out. We had the Sultans Delight, kebabs of lamb made to order (medium rare) on a bed of copped roast eggplant. Garnished with roast tomato and peppers. Delicious!
Very good food! We had the iskander kebab and meat balls in sauce which were both prepared fresh. Also the appetizer meat pie was made fresh as well. All and all a good experience with nice ambiance and cozy views of the rain. Make sure to check this place out. PS. Great customer service!
This place is a must if you're in the area, I came after shopping at the bazaar and it was a great choice. They have a large menu with lots of options at a decent price. The staff was very friendly and were very welcoming and helpful.
It was located off the main road and it was something I was looking for as my girlfriend was on our first visit to Turkey. Overall very good food and decent prices. The kebab was unique and the pide was fresh and well done. Bill was not outrageous and I would recommend it to all.
Good food and even better service. All the people that served us were extremely kind. And there was a lot of variety of food to try. Wifi included. It was in a good location. If your looking for a laid back place with nice staff and good food this is your place!
The restaurant has a good location, just next to the Grand Bazaar and it has a wide range menu from traditional kebab to fish dishes and some European ones. Good foods with reasonable price.
This was one of the best restaurants we dined in while in Istanbul. The service and food were of good quality. We had their grilled sea bass. What a treat! The only downside is that we had to live with cigarette smoke in the street side dining area, something that affects all restaurants. We were treated with complimentary delicious apple tea after dinner. We recommend this place.
If you are coming to Istanbul, this restaurant is a must! Service was excellent, the best we have gotten here in Turkey. Food was super tasty and very representative of Turkish culture. My boyfriend and I had the Turkish pasta and the hummus with almond as a starter and both of them were amazing! For the main entree we ordered the beef cooked in the clay pot... this was full of flavor and very soft! And it comes with an espectacular show! We loved the experience and we'll definitely come back!
It was a great start to our Turkey trip. The most friendliest staff ever. They were so welcoming and made sure everything was good. The food was delicious. We had the mix kabab dish and it was the BOMB. We ended the night with some yummy Turkish tea and baklava.
Great food (had the thyme and pasha kebab as well as the paper kebab). And the staff were excellent at helping us select our dishes. While we were waiting for our taxi, they gave us wonderfully sweet apple tea. Would definitely go back again!
Food was great and everyone was exceptionally attentious. Try the humus in the beginning, any egg plant dish and the Turkish coffee and the apple tea at the end.
We came here and ordered iskender, moussaka, and hatay sarma. The hatay sarma I wouldn't really recommend, very "doughy" and too much bread. The iskender we thought had less meat then normal, it was good though. We really enjoyed the moussaka though, it was eggplant and meat and was cooked to order and came out hot. The wait staff was friendly and made recommendations to help us choose. we enjoyed the food but there was quite a wait, over a half hour, though it was quickly forgotten when the food was evidently fresh and unlike other places, not simply reheated.
Great service! Very friendly and the food was delicious. We got complimentary apple tea which was yummy. Highly recommend it!
Really nice people and good food. We tried their sausage pide which was really tasty. They also give fresh bread on the side which is amazing.
Great place and atmosphere.  Food is fantastic!  Very lively and entertaining environment.
We came here for our first meal in Istanbul and were extremely glad! The food is good and the staff is exceptional. We sat outside for lunch and it was calm, comfortable, and just perfect. Light music playing in the background - great ambiance. The beef pide was my choice of entree and I absolutely loved it. So, so delicious! I need to come back to try more items off this menu!
Solid 5 stars for their delicious food, friendly staff, and attentive service. Special thanks to Dalil and Mart. Prices are a little bit above the average in SultanAhmet area and looks like they add a service charge around 10% to the check. However, I tipped them as I was so satisfied with thw food and the service.
The food is nice especially the mixed grill and clay pot is the best. Staff are nice.
very tasty Restaurant! The food was fantastic as well as the service ! We highly recommend to eat hear !! Taste the lamb! :)
Very good restaurant. Highly recommend! Good food and good service. If you want to find some traditional food in Istanbul to eat, come to this restaurant. It will be much beyond your expectation.
We're really happy to find this restaurant after days of kebab. We had pasta, salad, beef barbecue, chicken in salt, grill fish, and all were delicious. Good food and good service, strongly recommend.
Delicious. The food was spiced perfectly. The chicken had just the right amount of char. The staff was incredibly friendly. There was also free wi-fi. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting.
The service was great! I had the chicken kabob and it was so good! Best chicken I've had on my trip so far. The complimentary apple tea was delicious!
On our last day of our trip, after a little grand bazzaar shopping, we visited antakya.  We got the eggplant in sauce, hummus and turkish pizza.  All very good. The hummus was incredible. Literally incredible. Came with fresh hot bread too. Delish.
I love this lovely quiet place on corner. The food was absolutely outstanding, especially the künefe which brought us here in the first place. Our server was very friendly and helpful giving us suggestions! Thank you! We will definitely come back for the best künefe in town!
It's a very good restaurant! They have an excellent service and food is delicious. It's right next to the Grand Bazaar, which makes it a perfect location to go after shopping. I recommend it.
Nice food, we ordered the tomato kebab and lamb casserole. We love the lamb casserole a lot. The meat is juicy and tasty coming with the tomato and mushroom. The owner is also pretty interesting. Good experience. BTW, free Wifi provided.
I was there yesterday. Best local lamb dish I've ever had.  From America so we normally do the rack.  This was so good.  Service solid.  Enjoy
First of all, they will try to charge you VAT on top of the price although nowhere does it say VAT is extra and prices are high for Istanbul. Service charge of 10% is also added, but the service is beyond terrible. Food took forever and got to our table cold. When pointed they just reheat it in a microwave. These cooks have pride, no doubt. And then they tried to pull a trick with a wine bottle as they did with others. We ordered 2 glasses and refused an upsell to the bottle. They brought the bottle nonetheless and a waiter brought two small glasses. He apologized that the glasses were small in broken English and said that he leave a bottle so we can pour the second one. We understood that he said because the glasses are small we can have two small glasses instead of one large. Boy, we were wrong. They tried to charge us for 4 glasses. A scandal followed, but at the end I paid only the amount I expected to pay and left no tip. I was with my wife, so it was her money too and she was just as pissed, but if I was on a date I would of course have to pay not a spoil the evening for her. That is likely the plan. Stay away, there are so many truly great places to eat in Istanbul.
reat food, the chicken in salt is delicious, turkish eggplant salad taste good. the environment of the restaurant is good, the price is not high.
Good food, great atmosphere and courteous staff. Excellent experience, highly recommended
Close to Bazaar, we stopped here for lunch. The manager welcomed us warmly and explained our questions about dishes. Naan ( bread) & Hummus was a good way to start then finished with Iskandar kebab and Donar kebab. Dont forget Tea on your way out!!!
Amazing place we stumbled upon while walking around the neighborhood. One of the friendliest staff we've come across in Istanbul and the food was incredible with a lovely outdoor environment. We'll definitely be coming back and recommend it to anyone looking to try good quality traditional Turkish food!
Amazing! The lamb casserole and kofte were delicious - best lamb dishes we had in all of Greece and Turkey. They had a good selection of local wines.  And the entire waitstaff was incredibly polite.
Our group was treated to service and dishes worthy of this city of Sultans.  We had a broad variety of appetizers, kebabs, and main courses.  Antakya's attention to detail was outstanding.... And they did that while they were packed.  Cudos to the staff from front door to kitchen.
Excellent service. Good food, you will not be disappointed. The people at the restaurant are very friendly. The chicken in salt was a little bland, but everything else that we ordered was delicious
We found Antakya on Yelp and it didn't let us down! Everyone is so friendly. The service was impeccable. We got  bread and tea on the house and they went above and beyond to make sure we felt welcome, comfortable, and happy. The food was of course delicious as well. Highly recommended!
Having read the good reviews about this place I was expecting great things but was sadly disappointed. The service was slow and many people that arrived after I did got served before any food arrived on my table. I will mark this down to it being a Friday night and that it was quite busy. When eventually the food came the waiter elbowed me in the nose then I had to duck a second elbow in the ear before he abruptly dumped the stone dish down on the table. The portions were very small, tasteless and unimaginatively presented, except if you like cheap gimmicks. A melodramatic scene ensued when a waiter grinnng from ear to ear arrived with a flaming Terra Cotta pot tapping it as if some kind of wild poisonous snake was going to pounce out from inside. Instead the exact same meal which I had ordered for half the price was dumped onto my neighbors plate. Hmmm.....a few people half heartedly applauded.If you want authentic ambience, tasty well priced Turkish food at affordable prices AVOID this place at all costs. The staff were friendly but it's just another cheesy tourist trap.
Girls enjoyed the food very much! Recommend the donut shape fried bread with jams, great for breakfast!
Amazing - best eggs and food and breakfast and I loved their cream and honey!The ambience is great and everytime I'm in Istanbul I have to check it out
This place is adorable and you get so much food! I went here at a friend's recommendation and we ordered the traditional Turkish breakfast and got a huge variety of food. It was so fresh and delicious! Language was a barrier but luckily Google translate came to the rescue. They took credit card and gave us takeaway containers when we asked.
Step into this establishment and you will understand why brunch has become my favorite meal time.  This is breakfast "tapas style."  This place is very popular for better and worse.  Even though it is a large establishment, there is a line throughout the morning.  I will probably return but avoid weekends, and sneak to my alley brunch spot across the street if this is too crowded.  It was chilly today so I opted to sit inside.  The central rooms are warmer but noisier from the crowds echoing.  However the rooms by the door can get a little chilly because people forget to close the door on their way out.  I believe they have a few other locationsI highly recommend the breakfast sampler.  It gives you a wide selection from savory to sweet.  Some of my favorites were the cheese platter (ranges from funky to mild, goat etc.). Martuga, a lot more interesting than the ingredients sound. The texture and color fools you into thinking it's potatoes.  The walnut spread and cherry jam.  Honestly, it is all good but with so much to choose from you can't help but discern your favorites before you become too full.  Free refills on the tea.The waiter did not understand that I wanted to substitute the fried egg for menemen, so I got "egg in the face" with two orders.  However, they do eggs right!
Best breakfast in Istanbul! For 170 TL, you enjoy a spread of warm bread, dips, salads, cheeses, eggs, etc. Each dish is full of flavor and the unlimited tea is perfect. The moment you order, food is delivered. The staff is very kind!
Was recommended to come here for a traditional Turkish breakfast. The food was fresh and delicious. One of the breads they served was soo good and was perfect to pair with the different items. I felt like the portions on some of items like the eggs were a bit small for 2 people.
I was absolutely delighted with my breakfast experience at Van Kahvalti Evi! Their diverse menu offers something for everyone, all served with excellent quality. The staff is incredibly friendly and welcoming. I walked just 10 minutes from my hotel along a picturesque street filled with restaurants, and I couldn't have made a better choice. I highly recommend stopping by Van Kahvalti Evi for breakfast!
The best breakfast I have ever had,  everything they served were fresh and delicious Thanks to Ahmet and Halil,
This was our first Turkish breakfast landing in Istanbul and our experience was very poor.Food was ok, nothing spectacular. Not as flavorful as other Turkish breakfasts I've had. What really soured our experience was the service. Upon payment, we used a credit card and our waiter pointed at the tip sign. Not having the option to add tip on the receipt, we were going to put down cash on the table. However, we were still enjoying our tea and were planning to leave a tip when we finished. Our waiter came back complaining that we did not leave a tip when we obviously have not left the restaurant yet and are still drinking our tea. We gave them a tip right after but being demanded a tip and making a scene about it was upsetting. I would not recommend, you can find better food and service elsewhere. Food is honestly average and not worth the terrible service.
Got the breakfast platter - was good but not great. Lots of little things to try. The bread was a bit sad, a few of them were nice (the local one).
The best breakfast in town! They bring out a traditional turkish breakfast as little bit of everything in the middle or you can order whatever you like a la carte!Service is outstanding they have so many locals and a lot of tourist customer.Turkish tea comes unlimited which is a great perk!;)
I got overcharged by 40% because I didn't question the menu. Very sad. Watch out as a tourist.
Met an old work friend here for breakfast. Lovely spot close to a number of alleys filled with antique shops and cafes.1. Breakfast set. So good. My favorite item is the clotted cream with honey but there's something for every palate, really.2. Mesemen. Essentially a scrambled egg sort of dish. Good.3. Gözleme. Easiest parallel would be quesadillas. Thin, chewy pancakes that can be served plain or with something in between. I personally like to pair this is simit with the clotted cream.
Amazing breakfast spot! Excellent service and delicious food. I really appreciate the fact that this place does not attempt to surcharge tourists...that's very important in Istsnbul.
Very nice staff which is rare for Istanbul. Amazing traditional Turkish breakfast. Very cute environment also walking distance from antique market. I definitely recommend this place for travelers. They also walk tea around constantly and u don't have to wait for it  2 ppl breakfast 390
We absolutely loved the breakfast. It was so much food at a very affordable price. The place is charming and the service is great. Hope to be back soon
We visited this restaurant at the recommendation of a travel blog and we were extremely impressed. The food was delicious - the special bread had the qualities of a sweet challah or brioche and was amazing with all of the accoutrements served with the traditional Turkish breakfast - the honey and cream was an incredible combo with this bread. We got the breakfast for 4 people but it easily could have fed 2 more, we were completely full by the end of the meal but had so much food left over. Unlimited Turkish tea which was delicious. The orange marmalade was also fantastic with perfect candied orange peels. We did order some extra fries egg dishes and the spinach and cheese "omelette" which was more like a flat fried pita sandwich - all delicious. The total for all this food came out to around $40USD which was a great value. The cost of Turkish breakfast for 4 is around $28 USD.The staff was also incredibly kind and humble, welcoming of foreign travelers. I would recommend to anyone looking for a great breakfast option. It is about 1.5 miles south from the Nisantasi shopping area past Taksim square.
Van Kahvalti Evi is located in the Beyoglu district of Istanbul. It offers both a traditional Turkish breakfast and a special breakfast that is particular to Van (Eastern Turkey).Based on previous Yelp reviews, we came here for a late breakfast. We visited the cafe on a Sunday around 2PM and it was very busy. We waited about 45 minutes for a table, which was definitely worth it. We ordered the Van village breakfast (for 2+ people) that cost 30 TL per person. We also ordered nar and portakal suyu. The breakfast was huge and delicious. Throughout our meal, we were continuously brought fresh bread and cay. Our favorite was, of course, the kaymak and bal- very tasty!The breakfast is very fresh and well worth it. You will leave the cafe full and sad that you weren't able to finish everything on the table. Be sure to come with at least 2 people so that you can order the traditional Van breakfast.Overall, I highly recommend Van Kahvalti Evi. It's very busy on the weekends but the food is well worth it. How often can you have a traditional Eastern breakfast?
Absolutely amazing, must experience place! Food is fantastic, staff is attentive- definitely will go back!
Amazing food and service! Highly recommend this place. Definitely worths waiting. -Hzl
On our first day in Istanbul, we dropped off our luggage at the hotel and went to seek out a hearty breakfast. A 15 minute walk (mostly uphill) led us to this well-known gem.The restaurant was packed with a good mix of locals and tourists and we ordered the Van Breakfast for 2. Within a couple of minutes, a dozen plates of spreads, cheeses, olives and veggies appeared in front of our eyes. I didn't even know where to start. I tried all of the items and my favorites were the honey and milk cream. Did I mention that it comes with unlimited tea?
One of the most epic breakfasts ever! We ordered the van breakfast which came with various olives, cheeses, a spicy tomato spread, honey, tahini molasses, eggs, tomatoes, cucumbers, jam, yogurt sauce, and a few other delicious spreads! It also came with unlimited tea. It was the perfect combination of flavors that I never even knew I was missing! The cheeses were very mild and were a perfect compliment to the more prominent flavors of the spice-filled spreads and the sweet honeys and jams. The eggs and chopped vegetables also added a nice burst of freshness. It was so fun to try different ingredients together and combine the different flavor profiles. My favorites were the cheeses, honey, and spicy tomato spread. It was a super filling breakfast/brunch, but not excessively heavy. This is a must do if you're visiting Istanbul, such a cool and cultural experience!
Let me start by saying, what a breakfast!! This is the go to spot whether you're a tourist or a native. Everything we ordered was tasty and had the homemade touch to it. We ordered the breakfast platter that had a variety of food. Next were the omelettes which were very tasty. The unlimited tea was great, we had plenty!!The seating and the area is beautiful, a homey and cozy vibe brought everything together.The service which is the most important was stellar. The smile from every waiter and the quick answer to every question or order.I would definitely have breakfast here over and over because it's light, fresh and has the perfect vibe for breakfast. Definitely bring a friend or a loved one!
The big Turkish breakfast caught my attention. The trek to get here was rather exhausting but getting here and enjoying their breakfast was very enjoyable. We ordered the Turkish breakfast with unlimited tea. They kept on refilling our tea and I felt like I felt fuller off the tea than food. Outdoor and indoor seating available and super kind staff.
Excellent food and even better service. The food was fresh and delicious. The breakfast (for one) included a variety of cheeses, tomatoes, green & black olives, cucumbers (which remained uneaten...I do not like cucumbers), and an egg (sunny side up). It came with fresh bread and too many spreads to list. I will be back before I leave town and it will be the first place I visit for breakfast when I come back to town. The walk from the Galata Tower area for breakfast was well worth it!
I don't know what all the fuss is about this place. The service is sub par. I was talked out of the full village breakfast because the server said it's for two people. For almost the same price I got much fewer items . The bread was stale. I saw others getting more fresh options. I don't think it's worth the trek .
Everything your Turkish breakfast dreams are made of.I think it was 60 Lira for 2 people to eat Turkish breakfast + a menemen... which of course you must add!And everything here is great quality and will delight your senses. Fruit, nut, and chocolate spreads of all sorts. Food and tea are served piping hot by a wonderful staff that keeps the tea appearing as fast as you can drink it.Mostly tourists here, but the food quality is fantastic. Definitely a meal to remember.
Great food! Great service! I definitely recommend you try this place.  We had our first and last breakfasts in Istanbul and both were great!
My first meal in Turkey and no other meal has blown me away since.My friend took me here for traditional Turkish breakfast and it was a fantastic experience. The food came out very fast and it was wonderful to get a taste of everything as a welcome to Turkey. Traditional Turkish breakfast, if you haven't tried, is one of the world's greatest food delights. It's a feast of sweet and savory tapas that'll give you a reason to wake up.Honestly, come here if you want an authentic traditional Turkish breakfast. I'm sure there are tons of restaurants that serve traditional Turkish food just as well, but the quality of the food here, combined with the warm hospitality, was quite like no other that I've experienced throughout my 10-day stay in Turkey--and that is saying a lot.I enjoyed pretty much everything but some of the most memorable plates were the bal-kaymak (fresh honey and clotted cream; my most favorite), the strawberry reçel (jam), and the hazelnut spread. I'm a huge cheeseaholic, so the variety of cheeses was also interesting, as I hadn't tried some Turkish-style cheese prior. We also had the Menemenler (scrambled eggs with tomatoes), which reminds me a whole lot of my mom's own scrambled eggs and tomatoes; it felt homely, nevertheless.Everything was fresh and our tea glasses never went empty. Seems like both locals and visitors enjoy this place, and it's pretty much no frills. I've been craving Turkish breakfast lately, which is why I had the itch to write this review--it's that good.
This place was awesome and the best price for a full Turkish breakfast in Istanbul. 30L (Lira) per person. Ordered scrambled eggs and Turkish pancakes with it. Four espressos and two chi's also totaled out to be 120L. That's translates to about $22 US dollars. The food was great, as well as the service. Would def come here again.
Craving this right now. We stopped here since we heard brunch in Turkey is a must! We weren't disappointed!Get the 22TL option and you will have plenty of food for 2 people. It comes with plates of fresh bread, variety of cheese, olives, jam, nutella and honey butter. The honey butter was AMAZING and so fresh. I'm reviewing this a year later but I still remember the taste!!We also ordered menemen (turkish scrambled eggs) and the turkish pancakes. Those were also really good and plenty for about 3-4 to share with the 22TL option.Oh, and you get free tea!!! I probably had at least 4 cups because our server kept refilling.Cute little place but a little harder to find since it's tucked in a neighborhood. I believe we used TripAdvisor's city guide to help us out.
I think this place is a little bit overrated. Breakfast was nice but nothing spectacular. There are so many places that do not have this many reviews but serve great food. We had regular turkish breakfast for two which included many options but as noted nothing that you're can not find elsewhere. Better to explore some other options which I ll definitely do.
Best breakfast ever in the world. Loved it. Tye ambiance, the service, the food all 5 stars. Visited from the US will try next time
This place was pretty good! The staff is very nice and friendly and there is a non-stop tea refill! We got the array for 2 breakfast option and liked mostly everything we got. Definitely try this place for a good Turkish breakfast.
possibly my fav place of all the eateries I went to in Istanbul. I went to the breakfast place that Anthony Bourdain went to but I think this place smokes them. far better menemen and you can tell even by looking at the honey it came from a legit source. staff is super super friendly and huge sense of urgency.ORDER at tableJEANS ok by far
Gozleme with spinach - 3.5 starsKind of like a quesadilla with spinach but without cheese, so it was a little flavourless but a nice change from having too much cheese in quesadillas.Fried dough - 3.75 starsTasted like Singaporean butterfly buns - a little savoury. I loved the olive spread it came with! The apricot preserve was also delicious IMO because it was barely sweetened unlike most jams. The cheese was good.Menemen with mushroom - 3.75 starsMy favourite of the lot. Tasty and simple but it is on the comfort food/diner end - a bit "unrefined" with lots of oil in the menemen.Bread - 2.5 starsUnderwhelming - served cold.Sahlep - 2.5 starsNot my thing. First time having it - it was basically thickened full cream milk with cinnamon. I don't like the taste of full cream milk.Overall it's pretty inexpensive though - we paid 50 lira in total for two of us before tip, with leftovers.
Very fresh and delicious Turkish breakfast! They had things in the menu that I had not see previously at other places like jaji (I think it was cacik), çemen (acuka) and murtuğa (I think this is a Van Kahvalti invention :) fried flour with eggs). There was also a ground nut addition I couldn't identify, maybe ground hazelnut with honey. They said there was butter but I don't think we had. Nonetheless it was all delicious! The gozleme was outstanding. We had the potato and the spinach. Menemen was also delicious. We will go again!
One of the best breakfast place in Istanbul.I have been here several times during my stay in Istanbul, couldn't get enough of it.Don't skip "JAJI" that is the best to me.
Came here twice because brunch is my fave meal. They do it right here and it's the only meal type they serve here.The repeat visit reasons +'s:+ Quick seating. The staff are quick to clear a table and have you settled.+ Free and constant refills of Turkish tea. It's nice to have this perk especially since a lot of places charge.+ Few tables are outside for the smokers.+ Brunch is the fare here all day. The most common is the 22TL fare that has everything and enough for two persons. Includes cheeses, cucumber slices, olives, jams, butter, honey, nutella and an array of other dishes.+ Other notables are the menemen (plain is 8TL)+ Like most Turkish establishments, you eat at leisure and call for the bill when ready.+ Takes credit cards+ International crowd or could be a bunch of tourists.The not-again moments -'s:- Don't try to customize your order. Doesn't seem to fare well here.- Golzeme with spinach, roast beef, cheese or other fillings are on the menu. Pass on the roast beef--it's just ground meat bits. Spinach one not too flavorful either.TIP: Don't expect staff to speak fluent English.
One of the best breakfasts I've ever had, ever. Can't go wrong with ordering the Turkish breakfast, and the shakshuka style eggs (forget what it's called on the menu in Turkish, but it's scrambled eggs with tomato sauce). That's everything the body needs!Delilah!
Best Breakfast I have ever had! This is a small restaurant located in a cute area in Istanbul. What made this place stand out to me the most was how fresh the ingredients were in each of the small dishes. This makes a huge difference for a traditional Turkish breakfast since breakfast is typically made of 7-12 small dishes of fresh olives, honey, sesame seed spread, tahini, yogurt, and more! These are normal spreads but when they are made fresh it can take a breakfast rating from a 1 to a 5. Along with the traditional breakfast plates we ordered the fresh donuts served with jam and feta cheese. Man or man was this good! 3 fresh unsweetened donut served HOTT with fresh cherry jam and feta cheese. I can eat this for days. None the less this place is a must try. I condemn this restaurant for not cutting any corners and serving fresh and yummy dishes.
The delivery was fast and the food was fresh! We also had a good communication in English. I recommend it.
This is a good place for breakfast really not brunch. It is a limited breakfast  menu. The upside is they speak English. But they got our orders wrong, but it was fixed. We explored it under yelp recommendation but to me not extraordinary. Would try other choices.
Fantastic breakfast! Everything tasty, authentic, interesting. Such a variety of breakfast items all in from of you. The bread, unlimited çay, honey, kaymak, and the rest. Make sure you get the breakfast platter. Friendly staff, fast service, cozy interior. Must experience in Istanbul.
I wanted Menemen (every day of my trip - don't judge me). I went here at the recommendation of my concierge. It's a quick in/out kinda place, in my mind. The menemen was fantastic and the bread was (I ate the whole bowl of bread, don't judge me) equally delightful. It was by far the best menemen I had in Istanbul. It's a small place, so be prepared to be a bit crowded. But still amazing.
Best Turkish breakfast I have had yet in Istanbul. Ordered the Turkish breakfast for one, the cheese pancake, and the pastrami eggs- was plenty for my girl and I. They keep the tea flowing, and it's really great.Also, they don't take AMEX; just visa. That being said, huge breakfast for 50 lira total.
This place ROCKED!  They have a huge choice of delicious things to choose from for breakfast from the cheese and spreads plate for 20tl to just cheese, a ton of eggs dishes and more. All yummy! Nice atmosphere, generous portions, and excellent service.We came here twice during our stay and would highly recommend breakfast/brunch/lunch here.
My husband found this place via Yelp...didn't disappoint!  This place is a lil gem. As foreigners we were treated as part of the community. Their service was absolutely great.We had to come here twice because their breakfast was delicious both times.
It was great to have breakfast at 1:30pm on Sunday.It was very busy but movement also fast.I was just waiting for 10min and lady who was in charge gave me a table.Many young and mid age had been there.Food really good.
Decent local spot to try some traditional Turkish breakfast. Went in specifically for the good reviews, hard to find spots in Turkey with reviews in yelp. Ordered the Van Kahvalsiti for two and the menemenler with mushrooms and roast beef. A+ for service and cleanliness but would give a B or average to the food. Tight spot to find a place to sit but within walking distance from all the hotels in taksim square.
Very cool spot for a traditional Turkish breakfast!You can order a la carte or just get the all-inclusive breakfast meal.  It comes with a bunch of small dishes like a variety of cheeses, fresh cucumber/tomato, kaymak, olives, etc.  Best of all, unlimited Turkish tea =)
Visited this place twice during our stay in Turkey, excellent and quick service. There are more breakfast options on this side of Istanbul vs the Sultanahmet side. Gotta have their traditional breakfast platter (honey cream is awesome) and Menemen. Everything is made fresh and staff is very helpful and friendly.
What an amazing place to have my first breakfast in Istanbul, and in Turkey!Came to Cihangir for a week to visit my sister, and she brought me to her favorite little spot up the street from her apartment -- WHAT A TREAT! I can't say enough good things about this place! The food was amazing, the service was so friendly and polite - especially for two American girls who speak some (her) and none (me) Turkish. We had the big breakfast (wish I could remember the name in Turkish) and it was a traditional breakfast, tapas-style, with lots of spreads including nutella, jam, honey butter (drool), a bread basket with assorted kinds, hard boiled eggs, cheeses, and more yummy treats that escape me right now. I also had the menemen, SO good. A second time, I tried the turkish pancake/crepe, also good, but the traditional breakfast is the way to go.Bottomless cai (pronounced "chai", and the basis for our own, American version!), occasional stray cats, quaint surroundings, wonderful price. If you're nearby, GO GO GO!
Excellent breakfast which i can highly recommend for anyone who wants a traditional turkish breakfast. Very friendly staff and just keep on bringing more and more food.  We paid 55 turkish lira for 2 people and that includes the tea. Will definitely return.
Truly local restaurant. You can see  travellers as well a many local sipping a glass of tea and enjoying local breakfast.It is priced like for locals so for 20tl you can have breakfast for two :) the tea is complementary and the waiter brings you new one all the time.The menu is rich with local specialities but also has 2 main combo menu so you can taste few of the local dishes.Its not decorated much but it gives you a true feeling if a local place :) would recommend it!
Really enjoyed their breakfast. Friendly staff great authentic food. If you're in Turkey definitely stop by for breakfast
Place to go for a Turkish authentic breakfast! Everything was delish. Turkish coffee to die for, fig spread amazing, had a cheese pancake with beef sausage (which was a flour wrap) delish!!! Overall highly recommended!
We got here guided by the good reviews on Yelp and Google. The place is big enough and we got a table right away after walking for a bit from Taksim Square. This hipster-looking place (in a good way) is carefully decorated to make you feel at home. This was accomplished, although I believe that this prevents visitors from experiencing a real turkish environment... but hey, good nonetheless.They have this big breakfast option with many dishes that you can get for 22TL (around 7€), which is big enough to fed you for the rest of the day (and believe me, I'm not the type of guy who gets full easily). At the moment of writing this, 8PM, we haven't had much more than nuts, which was annoying because we wanted to feel hungry to keep trying things out.Anyway, the breakfast has everything: different types of bread, countless little dishes with different creams to spread over the bread (some very tasy and exotic, some more down to earth like nutella or honey), very generous portion of different types of cheese (also very tasty), cucumbers, tomatoes, boiled eggs, you name it (well, I already did).The whole meal goes with "unlimited tea", which is true for the most part, we had three teas and we didn't need coffee, although we were craving for it when we got there.All in all, a nice variety of things, abundant and nice. I enjoyed it a lot, and I would come back in a heartbeat. Not much to add on a negative scale, aside from not looking very turkish, and maybe not being the cheapest (although I think that it is indeed cheap for such generous breakfast).
The best breakfast restaurant in Instanbul! Top service and food! Im definately coming back!
This was the best breakfast my husband and I had when we were visiting Turkey. Worth the trip and the line.
I live for bal kaymak (honey and clotted cream), and this place has it so goooood. With fresh squeezed oj and glass after glass of tea, you've never been happier. Sit outside if you can.
If you're looking for authentic & traditional Turkish breakfast, this is the place to be! Fantastic quality food & service. Definitely order Menemen (scrambled eggs with tomatoes) and a traditional breakfast platter. My husband and I enjoyed it so much we are planning on going again for a second time before the end of our Istanbul trip. (Tip: If you're staying in Fatih/Old Town area, you can take the T1 to Kabatas station and it's a short 9 min walk to this place).
I was in Istanbul this time last year. Given the time lapse, it's clear I am day dreaming about the Turkish breakfast at this place. I hiked up the hill twice in two days to eat breakfast here!!For ~USD$10 a person, you get a substantial breakfast consisting of bread, honey-cream, honey, murtuga (fried eggs and sausage), cheeses, tahini molasses, nutella, tomato hummus, olives, homemade cherry jam, boiled eggs and cucumbers. Yeah. You also get tea (çai) that comes with free refills.What I would do to get on a plane to have another meal here again. Sigh. Enjoy.
Rating lives up to expectations. Full Breakfast  was out of this world, never had this before and enjoyed every mouthful. The cheeses were fresh local and delicious ! Locals and tourists eating here with lovely sliding doors to let lots of fresh air in
If I could eat this breakfast every day, I would. So much deliciousness! Tons of little dishes, all of them stunning, plus excellent scrambled eggs and fresh juice. All for an insanely reasonable price. Don't miss this gem!
We found the place through Yelp. This is a busy nice little place. There are two restaurants in the morning - they are the same! It was a very nice turkish breakfast with more than enough for everyone. There was everything from nutella to tahin and turkish cheeses. The coffee was also alright. Take the plate and try the turkish omelette/scrambled eggs on the side.
Food and Service were perfect. We strongly recommend it. We got 2 Turkish breakfasts. Unlimited çay was great and we had enough tasty food that our family of four couldn't finish.We would certainly go back.
A kurdish-style breakfast place.  Their breakfast is so good that they serve it all day long!Food was 5 out of 5Service was 5 out of 5Value was 5 out of 5Get the Serpme Kahvalti breakfast platter for 2 and you won't be sorry.  It's a dozen plates of incredible food: olives (green and black), tomatoes and cucumber, tahini with grape molasses, 5 different amazing cheeses, nutella (not really necessary), a yogurt and dill sauce, a red pepper sauce, a paste of egg and honey, a paste of walnuts and honey (yum!), and one or two more that I can't remember.  This comes with a huge basket of fresh baked bread and unlimited refills of tea.  Their turkish coffee was also really good.Also try their menemen (eggs cooked in a tomato/onion/green pepper sauce, served in the skillet).  They have several types but our waiter recommended the one with sausage and it was excellent!Their service was friendly, attentive, and over-the-top helpful.  I'll be going back here at least once the next time I'm in Istanbul!
Really great place for breakfast in a great neighborhood.  I love yelp...I never would have found this place.  It's off the beaten path of the usual tourist destinations (I'ma tourist, this place is very much for locals).  I'm always a bit surprises how easy it is to get around this city on just English.  Thought I'd be out of luck here, but no worries.  Breakfast is my favorite meal in Istanbul, and this place did not disappoint.
Muito bom! Uma delícia!Wow!Cheap and huge portions, amazing fresh ingredients!Great food!
Probably the best Turkish breakfast in Istanbul. Must try if you visiting for the first time. Their home made pide bread (turkish flat brad) was sooo good, warm and just perfect in flavor. We have ordered traditional breakfast and tried various spreads and cheese and meat, it was all perfect. My favorite was tomato omelette made in fried pan, absolute must try if you go there.
Good variation, delicious food, great service, very reasonable price! Weekends might be little busy though..
First time having real Turkish breakfast, and this place was just perfect!!! The food is amazing! The service is great and quick. The people are friendly & just a beautiful place to be at. Highly recommend it to everyone visiting!!
This is probably one of my favourite places in Istanbul. The place is only open for breakfast, but what a meal! Traditional Turkish breakfast is served all day and just how you want it. I would recommend to share a "breakfast plate", sade menemen and gözleme with cheese - and you will be full for the entire day.The service is fantastic and so friendly. Your tea cup is not empty for long before they bring you a new :)The place is always full, and you will experience to stand in line - but it is totally worth it! If you go there around 9:30-10 you might be lucky and get a table right away.
I'm not a breakfast person. If I can fill an unused red solo cup with some cottage cheese and a dab of strawberry jam on my way out the door in the morning, I'm putting that on Instagram and lecturing people about "the most important meal of the day." Trust me, though. This is the best breakfast spot ever.It's been over a year since I ate here, so I don't remember the intricacies of the breakfast spread, but there were plenty of cheeses, breads, jams, tea, and vegetables. It's the perfect vegetarian breakfast at an unbeatable price.I had a hard time finding this place; I think it's much better known by the hipster foreigners traipsing Cihangir than some of the locals. It's absolutely worth the trek, though, even if it means (as it did for me) taking three forms of transport from Sultanahmet and getting extorted by a taxi driver. A year later, one of the only Turkish words I remember is kahvaltı, and I think it means happiness.
Fun spot for breakfast.  Was convenient for where we were staying.  I had the cheese pancake & wish I got their breakfast spread instead b/c it looked like a lot more variety and fun.  The cheese pancake was filling.  I had the pomegranate-orange blended juice.  It was very, very tart.  If you don't like tart, I'd go with just the orange juice.  Service was fast & friendly.  A great place to start your day in Istanbul if you want a low-key, sit-down breakfast.
Love this place.. Close to walk to from my new place so I was thrilled the first couple times I went to find it consistently delicious and enjoyable. The Turkish breakfast was great, my boyfriend and I split it each time we came and the potato gözleme is the thing that will keep me coming back..it's amazing! Tea is sooooo good too. All day breakfast is like a life saver for an LA import into Istanbul. Love!
Awesome hipster breakfast spot. Food was fresh, plentiful and delicious. Place was packed with hip locals. Really cool spot in Cihangir. They were bustling and tried to shoo us away. But I stayed strong and they sat us.
Really enjoyed this place. We have tried quite a few other restaurants over the past few days and this is one wewould like to return to. Want a good turkish breakfast, then dont hesitate any longer -just go.
A friend of mine who studied in Istanbul told me that I HAD to go to this place for breakfast during my stay. So glad I followed her advice. This was one of the most delicious breakfasts I've ever had. We ordered the breakfast spread, which came with fresh bread (we had to ask for more, it was so good) and a bunch of delicious spreads and dips, many of which I'd never tried before. Dips included different kinds of honey and nut butters, chocolate spread, and clotted cream. The breakfast spread also came with some tomatoes and cucumbers, cheeses, olives, and a hard-boiled egg. We also ordered a menemen (eggs cooked in tomato sauce) which did not disappoint. Overall, it was an amazing meal! It's been a year since I ate here, and I still dream about it!
Simply good. Turkish breakfast like you imagine with pretty pretty good service. I can recommend the platter with unlimited chai + spinach pide and sucuc and eggs. You'll be around 40 lira and all set for the rest of your day.
Amazing the breakfast was full of many different types of bread, cheese and other things to accompany. The bottomless Turkish tea was also very good.  That breakfast was actually our brunch and we enjoyed it a lot.
I enjoyed my Turkish breakfast here but I think the bread was the major weak point. When almost all of the items that need bread alongside them (cheese, honey, jam, etc) it's a bit of a let down that the bread isn't hot and fresh. That being said, the cheeses and spreads were all very good and this place does seem to do traditional Turkish breakfast right. I'll need to try the pancakes and some the egg dishes next time.
The traditional turkish breakfast was on point  highly recommended! The seating was good. The service was amazing!  And the tea is yummy
A friend of a friend in Kadiköy was planning a trip to Japan, but he was really concerned about what he was gonna eat for breakfast while he was there.  I think this is what he was afraid of missing, for very good reason.
So many great breakfast places in Cihangir, but we kept coming back here. Everything is amazing. Great balance of tourists and locals.
This was a GREAT little spot for breakfast. Full of locals so you know it's good! Service is very fast and friendly. They have a wide range of items for breakie or brunch. If you're interesting in authentic Turkish breakfast this is your place. The fresh orange juice, cheese, olives, and delicious hot bread were big winners for us. We actually came two days in a row because we were so satisfied. Highly recommended!!
Jesus what a treat. My girlfriend and I went here on a trip through India, Israel, Thailand, and Turkey, and it was easily one of our favorite meals. Oh my god. So good. Eat here.
Having lived in Turkey for 7 years I can honestly say that this place is overrated. A safe breakfast choice for sure but the reputation it earned years ago has been lost. They used to serve authentic cheese from the Van region, now it's clearly of a lower quality. In saying that their breakfast is still worth a try but good luck to you trying to find a place to sit on a morning as the 'in' crowd and trip advisor readers will fill up the place fairly quickly.
I am not sure why everyone is raving about the food and service here. The food is mediocre but the service is simply atrocious. If you want to wait an hour to get your food simply thrown at the corner of your table then go here otherwise there are much better options in the area.
I love this spot for brunch. The one in Beyoglu is small and cute and the service is very good. I also like the one in Nisantasi, there is a garden in back which is nice. But the service there is lacking. Standard Turkish breakfast is their fare.
I love this place. The quality of the breakfast and the service is very good. The atmosphere is very friendly. There used to be a large line to get inside but since they also have the next door shop now finding a place is not that big a problem as I see. Both great for a lengthy breakfast ("serpme kahvalti") or a quick one (like eating "menemen" and having tea).
Great place!!! Food comes out quick, well priced and absolutely delicious! So glad I came across this place on my trip.
Excellent breakfast/brunch, acceptable price for Cihangir. I will probably come back!
Really good breakfast experience. The price is good, you can eat outside, and portions are quite large! We took the two persons 45tl menu, great quality! + waiters are really kind!
The menemen is just great. I had the sausage and it was a great way to kick off the day. Service is fast. Best spot for breakfast in Beyoglu.
This is a very good place to have breakfast. The food is very nice and the selection is quite substantial. Waiters are very attentive and the service is incredibly fast. So no complaints at all, but if I had to raise it to five stars then they had to stay far more true to the turkish breakfast or just have homemade nutella instead of nutella from a jar.
Great breakfast spot tucked away on a quiet street. Get one on the breakfast plates and menemen (the one with mushrooms was delicious!). Fresh squeezed orange juice, turkish coffee, and tea (free refills!) and you are all set for a day of exploring Istanbul. Everything is fresh and delicious.This place was hoping on a Saturday morning, and almost exclusively Turkish clientele.The service is great - very fast, but not in your face. And with a smile.Go here. You will not regret it.
We had breakfast here today and the food and service were amazing. Our favorites were the Turkish pancakes with potato and the fried dough, but all the other dishes we picked were also tasty. The entire wait staff was super friendly and helpful. I'll be back here every time I come to Istanbul!
Really authentic turkish breakfast and brunch joint. Good is fresh and service is excellent.
the big mixed breakfast is amazing, never tastes such cheeses before! and the service is so nice, they kept on bringing us turkish tea (which is incredibly cheap here). perfect location to have a break if you are in the nearby to visit the istanbulmodern or the pera, you can easily get here walking. don't confuse it with a small bar close to it which has almost the same name!
Great place for breakfast! A bit of a wait on Sundays because lots of people go there for breakfast. The best thing to do with a large group is to order the 20 tl per person menu and let them bring you all kinds of dishes.
The food is amazing, I had the chicken wrap and a mix beef wrap. Personally prefer the chicken but my friends loved the beef as well.
I found this place on yelp and after reading Anthony Bourdain had recommended it, I walked the 15 minutes to try it out and I was amazed!!!The food was so damn good! The small pieces of fat along with lamb meat and onions, tomatoes and cilantro; oh and the hot peppers too! The mixture of flavors complemented each other and made my mouth and stomach happy!!! The Turkish tea was a great dessert and helped me walk back to the hotel with a pep in my step.The restaurant is small and tucked in back a block off the main road but you MUST try this place.The only reason I'm not giving a 5 star is the fact they only take cash and I had to walk a few blocks to find an ATM. The staff was very helpful and friendly; so don't be surprised if they start up conversation or give you suggestions.Oh.... and you better get a double wrap to go. You will regret it if you don't!!!
Split an adana durum with my friend, wish I didn't.The only durum place recommended by the late Anthony Bourdain, solid.
Made a pit stop here during our layover in Turkey. My god this food was incredible and the service was fantastic! My husband wanted Turkish coffee- they didn't serve this in house. Our waiter asked his neighboring restaurant mate to bring some over- at no extra charge!If you're in Turkey, you must try the food here! You will not be disappointed :)
Delicious and super cheap but they don't take foreign cards. So cash only if you are not local. It's really hot inside, limited sitting outside but you can always take everything to go as well.Basically, meat only but they do have a salad for vegetarians. Doesn't take too long to get your food, which is a huge plus when you are on the go exploring the city.Overall, a must if you are in Istanbul!
Amazing flavors! No wonder Anthony Bourdain raved over this food. Very good service and enjoyed the outdoor seating. It is a small place so I recommend going on off peak times for best experience.
First meal in Istanbul, and Turkey for that matter. And it couldn't have started much better. Place was packed with people ordering to go and most of the tables were taken. They ended up seating us across the street which was just fine by us. A fitting meal on Bourdain day as this was a place he dines at in one of his shows. The durum was fantastic, so much so that it was the one meal my son kept comparing everything else we ate to. Everything we ate throughout our trip was filling......Is it better than the first place? The service was quick and efficient, decor is my ultimate favorite......small stools and wobbly tables on side walks(not kidding). Tried to go back but Eid Al-Adha closed them for the duration of our stay. So good, will be back if I'm in Istanbul again.
This is a must visit spot in Istanbul. All the food is incredible. You know you're in good hands when you see Anthony Bourdain loved a place.
The best place to eat in Taksim and in Istanbul in general. So fresh  and sooo flavorful. It's a hole in the wall but so worth it. Excellent service. Makes you feel right at home.
Delicious and affordable food with professional personnel. Yes, I recommend this small cozy restaurant.
I went here a year ago right before the pandemic hit and it was truly sooo amazing! I heard this place was recommended by Anthony Bourdain so I had to stop by. I ordered a wrap, while my family ordered a meat platter, both of which were really good. Location-wise, this place is in Taksim Square, so there's always a lot of people there, even when later in the evenings. Mr. Bourdain definitely knew his kababs, and I would highly recommend this place if you're ever in Turkey.
Got the 25TRL Spicy Beef/Lamb Platter. Not too spicy (as recommended by the outgoing GM/Owner?), very flavorful. First thought was that the kebabs were on the skinny side, but it was actually the perfect portion/ meat-bread ratio. + Ayran yogurt drink and a WaterI like that the durum? Was cut into small pieces. Fresh veggies, the side salad that came with it (red cabbage, tomato, cuk was fresh but 'generously' doused in a vinegar dressing.The place is a super casual, to-go place with 4 small tables inside & 5-6 tables out on the side street. Orders are flying in & out quickly, with a grill cook & 3 guys packing- took a little time to get my dinner FYI.1 Star off for the machismo-istic VIBE. Customer service was very friendly & attentive but it was OBVIOUS (no interpreter needed) that all the workers where talking about the petite Asian female there. Every time I looked up, I met the eyes of the cook/GM/runner staring at different times. (Men in Turkey seem to stare anyway, but...) A lot of chatter among the staff- not very peaceful. There was another foreign couple there- they'd stare at the young woman also. But everyone else inside were male, the diners sitting outside were a mix of tourists & locals (love that restaurants spill out onto the streets). But it got annoying after a while.If you're female, I'd choose a table outside, far from & with your back to the restaurant...but then your order may take longer, as they don't see you. Or just get it to go..place it & come back in 5 minutes.Interesting how a middle-aged woman came up with a huge bowl of salad prepped. Don't think they would haggle her though..No Reservations brought me to this restaurant! Not too far from İstiklal Street, nice little section of cafes & shops. Good mix of local + tourist.
The Kebape was mouth watering. I went out of my way to find this hole in the wall. Well worth it. I recommend you get the mixed platter to try the multiple cuts of meat.  Not much mastication is needed as the meat is so tender and juicy for my fellow TMJers. Just for fun, I would look up the key and peele "kebape" episode to get some laughs. Anyways, this kebape was so good I looked at my wife and told her "there is no way this spot is not on some show." I thought I found a gem, but no, there was a massive picture of Bourdain occupying the window pane lol. Anyways this is more of a quick eats as you walk type of place as seating is limited fo about 4-6 people.
If you're in Istanbul, you have to eat here. It's where locals eat. My kebabs were outstanding.
Excellent food and kind staff. Ordered small mix kebab, a small tea and a coke--had to take leftovers. Amount could have fed two people and was under $20 USD.
Tiny little place on a tucked away corner, but so delicious! I had the Adana and ayran to wash it down and it was perfect.
The wraps were really good, and cheap too! The kebab was really flavorful, and just off-the-grill.The servers/waiters were also very nice, asking if I wanted both the wraps to be cut in half.I was curious about why this little restaurant had so many reviews, just to realize that i had been visited by Anthony Bourdain.
Was staying in Istanbul for a week, went there almost everyday! Best durum in town! Highly recommend!
Glad I came by here. I've eaten here twice, it is good. I know now my Anthony came by this place. I'm sure I'll be back again before I leave.
Incredibly delicious grilled meat! Definitely some of the tastiest I had while in Istanbul.
I'm not a fan of the thin wraps that they use, but the meat is so flavorful that it doesn't even matter. The starter salad is pretty amazing too.
This little restaurant near several bars is the perfect place to get a bite to eat after exploring the watering holes.  I had a little kebab wrap that revived me!  Also, (very cool fact) this little kebab place was featured on the TV show 'No Reservations' hosted by Anthony Bourdain.  You will know this because there are photos of Anthony Bourdain on the walls outside.I found this on a tour with the fantastic guide by the name if Katerina. Check out the Culinary Backstreets Tour of Istanbul.
Came through last night for a quick bite with some friends. We were craving a kebab and looked up some places in the area.This place more than met expectations. The bread is fresh and thin. The meat was tasty and not too greasy and all the vegetables were super fresh. The parsley really made the flavors pop. I got the Adana which was supposed to be spicy. I think they meant flavorful, which is was, but not spicy.I added some of the hot peppers to mine that were on the table - so good! Super reasonable prices and very tasty sandwiches. Plan to come back again while I'm in Istanbul! Thank you!
Wow - this place is excellent- very tasty I will try and come back one more time before I leave.                       Food - excellentService - goodAtmosphere- good
Best Durum Kebab I have had. Hands downs.Quality of the meat is great. The service is friends and everything is make once you order. I would highly recommend.
Awesome food, great service, very friendly staff. And again, the food is awesome for a small restaurant.
I haddddd to come here when I was in Istanbul. Afterall, Anthony Bourdain came here and ate FOUR of the double durum kebabs!My first time - I had a single adana (lamb and beef mixed) wrapped kebab and my boyfriend got the adana open faced plate. I thought it was ok.The second time we came - we got three double wrapped kebabs and finished them in two heartbeats. They are famous for their adana meat, but I really liked their chicken meat too.Owners are super nice, speak a bit of English, and gave us their wifi password so we could Uber back to the hotel with ease :)
I have to come and try their food while in Istanbul. The guys were kind and helpful in making us decide what to eat. It didn't disappoint. Price was reasonable, food was freshly grilled and was tasty. Make the trip when you're in Istanbul!
Kuzu durum platter (30L) - 2.75 starsThe meat was too dry (the meat had almost no fat) and not flavorful. I liked that they gave lots of salad but it was drenched in a bit too much of the dressing. I think they bought pilaf for us from a store nearby when we asked for rice but it was great - it was buttery with chickpeas in it. Wouldn't go back though. The place was small and uncomfortable too.I'm afraid the reviews on this joint are making me doubt Yelp and Anthony Bourdain.
This is an inconspicuous cafe at the corner of the street. They have a bunch of wraps to choose alongside several other meat dishes.I've chosen a beef wrap and my girlfriend's chosen a chicken one. Wraps are quite thin and mostly consist of onions, tomatoes, parcley, spices and the actual meat. We found them pretty delicious and hearty.The reason why I put 3 stars is because we found a hair in one of our wraps.Overall, a nice option to have quick breakfast/lunch.
I'm not a fan of wraps and sandwiches at all. this place is the exception and an example of what you'll never find in the u.s. in terms of wrap: fresh BBQ meat, fresh beautiful veggies and a wrap that wasn't in a bag of 20 for most of its shelf life. lamb was NOT gamey. chicken they ran out at 8pm. so the super nice manager suggested a lamb beef mix. both were SUPERB. the manager looking guy spoke great english and SUPER friendly. straight forward and awesome.ORDER: at counter then pay at counter when done.JEANS: ok by far
This is the best kebab I've had in Turkey! The grilled meats are extremely flavorful. And my favorite is their bread, which has sauce and spices in between layers.The price is quite reasonable as well. We had a large assorted platter (4 people) for just over 100 Lira. Instead of ordering one by one, you can ask the owner to build a plate for you.It's a chain restaurant with several locations in Istanbul. Highly recommended!
Wow wow wow! No other word to describe this amazing food. I dont even know what it's called but the owner picked it for us and it was beyond delicious. After we sat down we saw pictures and news articles hanging on the wall with Anothy Bordains picture. Apparently he has eaten here a few times. I highly encourage anyone that comes to Istanbul to take the trip here!
Fantastic kebab wraps! Adana double wrap was my favorite. It's a tiny place with a charcoal grill with both locals and tourists visiting for a quick bite. It's open 24h and so my first visit was when I was still suffering from Jetlag at 1:30am! The guys here are very welcoming and friendly. And need I mention the great Anthony bourdain who loved this place too!
I was in Istanbul this past December. After watching an episode of Anthony Bourdain in Istanbul I knew I had to come to this place. Apparently It is located in a not so great neighborhood from what the taxi driver said. It is a very small establishment but it is ohhh sooooo delicious! I went kinda late I believe around midnight so they had run out of mostly everything ( I really wanted to try the chicken wings) but I was able to get a kebab (idk what meat to be honest). Whatever type of meat they gave me it was sooooo yummyyyy and I will not question them.We sat down in tiny tables and waiting for a few minutes while they cook my order in front of me. I can honestly say that It is the BEST meal I had in Istanbul! Probably the best kebab I will ever have in my LIFE!. The Kebab was huge and I was full with one. The kebab was full of flavor and I don't know what spices but my tastebuds were in heaven. The durum had some spices rubbed in it and the meat had onions and the meat was soft. The combination was perfect! The service was great, one of guys knew a bit of english I think he was the owner. The others not at all but don't worry you can still ask for kebab or anything you get will be full of flavor and tender.Please if you are in Istanbul come to this little joint and you will not be disappointed. It is actually very cheap for the quality of the food. If I go back to Istanbul I will definitely return to this place more than once :)
Went here on a Istanbul food tour stop. Wow. Definitely tasted why so popular!! Best durum in Istanbul. Would eat here every day if possible.
The best kebab wraps I've ever had, and probably the best I'll ever have. This lives up to the hype on Yelp, Istanbul Eats, and I can see why Anthony Bourdain also likes this place.It's a small place with 4-5 tables made for 2-3 people, and they have a pretty simple menu: durum kebab wraps (choice of 5 fillings), double meat wraps, or just kebab skewers with the durum on the side.The durum here is flaky, fresh, and charcoal grilled, and also has some spice rub inside which makes it extra tasty. It also has red onions inside and parsley, and I'm not normally a huge raw onion fan, but this paired perfectly with all the other flavors.The chicken wings were seasoned and grilled perfectly, and probably some of the best I've ever had in my life. Definitely get these if you come.And to top it all off, it was relatively inexpensive - one wrap was 7 Turkish lira, which is ~$2 USD. Between 5 of us (this was our second lunch), we spent about 40 Turkish lira for 2 wraps, chicken wings, and a beef kebab platter.I'd come here again in a heartbeat and thinking of coming here again in the last few days that I have left in Istanbul. One of the best places I've eaten in Istanbul - don't visit this city without visiting this place. You won't regret it!
O my goodness this has been the best. We had the most amazing chicken shish and Adana Kabab wrap! If coming to Istanbul you must try
Super awesome beef wraps worth seeking out. It was a favorite of late Anthony Bourdain's. Good inexpensive eats. This place is very casual. I had the slightly spicy Adana wrap (seasoned beef and lamb). The guys working there grill the food and take your order at the counter. I ate at a small table outside. The location is just off the beaten path and not in the best area so I'd go for lunch instead of at night. I'll be back as the food was great.
We came here twice during our trip to sit outside next to the photo of Anthony Bourdain. The service is quick/efficient and they do a good job working around the language barrier.Get the wrap, it's dirt cheap. You can order it with double meat if you're trying to burn some cash.
The only restaurant I like in Istanbul, had food here 4 times in my 5 days trip.Highly recommended
Amazing! Def go with the double Adana! It's a combo of beef and lamb with a hint of spicy. The chicken was okay, nothing to write home about. The yogurt was perfect to kill the spicy flavor as well as the additional peppers they have on the table. The bread or wrap was seared crispy and amazing, do not to it to go, enjoy it immediately for the full effect!
I have a hopeless crush on Anthony Bourdain. Sure, he's twice my age, but the man oozes sex appeal. Maybe I'm just attracted to older men who are former drug addicts- ie. Robert Downey Jr. After discovering that Durumzade was featured on Bourdain's TV show, No Reservations, I had to try it.It took a while to find, since we are two Asian women not particularly adept at reading maps. It's an inconspicuous, tiny storefront on the corner of a very dark street. No flashy, LOOK-AT-ME sign; just a couple of bearded Turkish men hanging out by the entrance. It looked like a scene right out of Taken 2. I couldn't help but remember my protective brother's cautionary tale as he dropped me off at the airport. Likelihood of getting kidnapped in a sketchy alley like this- HIGH.Fck it. Live fast, die young, that's my choice.The sparse newspaper clippings on the wall were the only evidence of this place being world-famous and Bourdain-approved. The chef was sweating profusely as he grilled the meat, just as the meat was dripping juices all over the pita that was strategically placed under the grill. I realized in that moment just how phenomenal this adana kebab was gonna be.Nothing could've prepared me  for this UNBELIEVABLE explosion of flavors in my mouth. What on earth do they season the beef with? I'm convinced that crack is involved. The pita is soft but crispy around the edges.There's a medley of onions, diced tomatoes, and lettuce thrown in. Taste and texture- everything came together seamlessly.We had to revisit Durumzade on our last night in Istanbul because I knew I would crave it for years to come, like an itch that I can't scratch. This $3 kebap was by far the best thing I ate on this entire trip. Added bonus- I didn't get taken.
There's arguably not too much variety with five bases (spicy lamb, no-spice lamb, liver, beef, and chicken), and three serving options (durum wrap, platter, chips with rice and veggies). There's also no beating the taste for the price. The liver was too dry but everything else was fantastic and the lamb was to die for. Cheap and amazing, I wish I had one closer to home, I will hit it every time I'm around this town.
one of thebest and very tasty hatay wrap kebab it is amazing highly recommended in taxim very close istiklal Street only 500 meters away from the istiklal Street
Well I went there yesterday. It was a good durum. The prices has change therefore bring more money even though it is very cheap.
To start off, I had to go here on my visit to Turkey because of its popularity mostly due to the late Anthony Bourdain. The place looks like a small New York street pizza place with a large sign but a small interior. I was hit with smoke when I first walked in and immediately you can see the meats being grilled up as you look to your left. The menu is simple with meats like beef, lamb, and chicken. I decided to go with the lamb döner, which was absolutely delicious. The crispy naan like bread wrap was burnt to perfection. The lamb itself was seasoned just enough so it wouldn't overpower the meats tenderness. The onions, lettuce, and tomato were nicely wrapped with the meat inside of the bread. I also had a yogurt lassi drink with one of their vegetable salads. 7/10 on the lamb but for the US price of 2 dollars for a wrap like that it was 10/10. Definitely recommend.
When in Istanbul this is the Place to Go! The food is Simply Amazing and full of Deliciousness! Omg...just writing this and remembering all of the savory flavors are making my mouth water! Definitely wish there was a Dürümzade here in the States!
Adan kebabs were skinny, too much chunks of meat were just fat. Kidneys were dry. Better places elsewhere in the location.
I think its one of my favourites adana kebaps in Istanbul. Place is very small, not so easy to find, but it totally worth it. Menu is small - they make urfa and adana kebaps, but in this two dishes they are masters for sure.
Best kebab wraps in town.  So far I haven't had anything as close to this. Their wraps are huge and loaded.  Their chicken wings have a unique flavor.  I am not sure what type of spice they use but they flavor stays in your mouth for a long time :)Their price is amazing compared to USA, under $10 we had a full meal :)I would definitely recommend this place for all tourist and the locals :)
Excellent! I had their mixed meat wrap( lamb &beef) for 12 to which is approximately $2. Fresh and yummy. It's a small place but find it and try it!
Place is cheap ... had the wrap and the kebab and of course due to Anthony Bourdain recommendation. Had the wrap and wasn't too much of a fan. Flavor was good but felt the combination with the salad made it on the drier side(not that the meat was dry). The platter was better but would have preferred it with some rice. Overall good flavor just needed some sauce or maybe a pickle like the doner we had by takim square
Solid meal and worth the trek to this hole in the wall.  I recommend sticking with a wrap as they charged me 85TL (~43USD) for a mixed plate for two people.4 stars for food minus 2 for the dozen or so hairs I picked out of the plate. Minus another star for not informing me of the off menu price of the platter.
Great place for gyro or kebab. Good size and will leave you full. If they run out and offer chicken wings like they did for us. Do it!!! You won't regret it and you'll thank me later. They provided some really good tasting chicken wings on a plate and will have you walking away with your stomach satisfied. Definitely the spot to go to when you're in town. Really small type of spot but seats outside and open kinda late for that snacking after hours.
Apparently this place was featured on No Reservations (which I didn't know until I arrived). All I know is that it had really high reviews and was located super close to our apartment and Beyoglu.Since there are maybe 3 tables there and since it was snowing outside, my friend and I each ordered a kebap plate (one beef, one chicken) and took the items to go.Omg. Anthony Bourdain doesn't have a food show for nothing. The flavors were exquisite, the food delicious (chicken was better than beef FYI) and it was all very cheap.Yes, it's located in a tiny dark alley in an even smaller venue, but I'm all about the good local flavors, and this place is not to be missed.
Very nice place. Great value and amazing food.Definitely would recommend for anyone who wishes to get s taste of turkish food.
NO RESERVATION!!!!!!Just go there and get the meat and a yogurt... it is delicious and affordable!!!! A great place for street (and legal) food in Istanbul! Highly recommended!
Great price and stunning food taste.Lamb+Chicken wing,perfect! Strongly recommend you to try this.
Great menu friendly staff . Try the corba soup . It goes great with the wraps . Always greated with a smile .
I wanted to come here because I watched a episode of Anthony bourdain. This place doesn't dissapoint. Absolutely loved the menu very simple but everything is so tasty. I enjoy the meat
Still till today, haven't had a better kabob. 100000% if in the area, must give it a try.
This place had rave reviews so we had to check it out. I ordered the Kuzu single wrap (was charged for double) and it was well made, but not what I hoped. I then ordered a double Adana wrap and that was incredible. Excellent prices and local flavor. If you are looking for quality on a budget near Iskital but enough out of the way, go here.
Delicious Adana!!!  Fresh flat bread.  Yummy tomatoes & grilled pepper.  And those pickle peppers are just awesome...Oh, most importantly very patient & friendly staff.  (We are a party of 6 with 2 kids included and some of us are picky eater... It takes time to explain things)
This is one of the best places I ate from in Istanbul , their chicken wings ,liver and lamb are amazing .if you are ever near istiklal street or taksim square you must endulge your self with either their plates or sandwiches
I am so happy I tried this place. I am really picky with my meats, and I haven't really enjoyed the meat here in Istanbul in most places. I find a lot of it to be too fatty or very under flavored. Usually with a weird aftertaste.  The food here is flavorful, delicious, and cooked to perfection. Simple yet delicious.
I'm a huge Anthony Bourdain fan, and this was featured on his show, which was his what brought us here.  It's a couple blocks of Istiklal Street, close enough to be convenient but far away enough from the crowds.The place is small but has several tables outside across the street.  And the food was excellent -- I had a lamb and beef dish that was cooked over an open flame, with a salad, both of which were full of flavor.  Highly recommend this place for lunch in Istanbul.
The best kebab in Istanbul, as it has the good sense to incorporate the very best of the eastern end of Turkey--where the food is better--and bring it to the masses in the West. Do not go here because Anthony Bourdain did. Go here because those in the know told Anthony Bourdain that going here is a quintessential Istanbul experience. It is not to be missed.
I had a chicken dürüm with double meat and enjoyed it very much. It is very flavorful and the use of spices is lovely. The prices are low so the value for money is very good at Dürümzade. Would definitely go back when in Istanbul.This recommendation was written by Katrin S. If you enjoyed my recommendation, I'd appreciate a "helpful" or "cool" given.
Really super tasty kebab, I took the Anthony Bourdain route and ordered the double drum kebab
Came here for lunch on my first trip to Istanbul. Great, authentic, and fast! The guys working there are really nice. I was expecting a bit more flavor and quantity but it was delicious nonetheless.
Hidden in the back roads, durumzade is not to miss. We came here after seeing it on No Reservations and I still dream about this place! So good, super cheap, and great guys that work there. Definitely recommend for durums!
As many people have probably seen, this place was on No Reservations with Anthony Bourdain. As I watched Bourdain salivate over the food here, I wondered why I didn't go the last time I was in Istanbul. Well, this time I did go there. If you don't know the area very well or are not good at reading maps, the place may be hard to find, but for us it was fairly easy.  It is a nondescript hole in the wall not far from Istiklal. It is near Ghetto nightclub if that makes it easier for anybody.  It is also near Tarlabasi which can get a little dicey if you go north of that.Nonetheless, this place is a real hole in the wall and easily the best kebabs I have ever tasted. It's really not even close. The guys here are masters at what they do and I highly recommend you find this place if you are a fan of great kebabs.
I'm giving this place 5 stars because out of all the kebab places I've been in Turkey, Dürümzade had the tastiest meats and veggies. I went with the Adana single wrap, and it was served piping hot. The lamb and beef have so much flavor, the the tomatoes were grilled to juicy perfection. Doesn't hurt that the wrap only cost me 7 liras! I can see why Anthony Bourdain recommended this place.
Flavour in every bite!A nice detour to make as you are coming down Istiklal Ave, even if not in the wee hours of the night.  Every component of this Turkish wrap is seasoned and texturally wonderful, from the wrap itself (lavas) to the savoury spicy minced beef (adana) within.I can't attest as to whether it's that much better than the other offerings in the city, but all I know is that this was pretty darn delicious, and I'd go back again in a heartbeat.
Greatly popularized by Anthony Bourdain for all the tourists, this place is very legit. It's a kabob-wrap, they have many types of kabobs and meats available, but if it's your first time just go for the adana wrap (or double).It's pretty cheap, it's made fresh, it's phenomenally well-seasoned and delicious, and it's complimented well by ayran. It's also really close to the bars, but I did this while sober and can attest to it.Have one on the go or sit in.
Anthony Bourdain did not steer us wrong here on our trip to Istanbul.  The meats were very flavorful and the vegetables were delicious.  I had the lamb and chicken wraps were amazing.  One of the best meals I had in Turkey.  It was so good that I had to make a second stop here before I headed out.  Looking forward to my next visit here again.
A favorite while I stayed in Istanbul - I think I returned 2-3 times!  The kabobs Are excellent, in particular the chunks of lamb interspersed with pieces of lamb fat that adds to the richness and juiciness of the meal.  Also, the bread for the wraps is really expertly grilled, first softened to wrap the kabob and then back on the grill to develop some crispiness.  The side salad with pomegranate molasses and tomatoes is also a nice addition.  The place is is really busy, and there's a brisk takeout operation going on in the background, but I still found the staff friendly and courteous.  Not a very fancy dining room, but worth seeking out!
Came here past midnight, around 1 am. Ordered 2 kebab wraps (that's all they had left) 1 coke zero, 1 ayran, and 2 water bottles. All came out to be 22.50 TL or just under $8. That is superbly cheap for the quality. I was extremely pleased to see that they grilled the meat fresh right in front of me. They also placed the bread over the meat while grilling so it absorbs some of the juices= amazing amount of flavor. Inside the wrap there were tomatoes, parsley, onions, the meat, and sumac. The wrap tasted great and had just the right amount of kick from some chili. I really liked it and I'd love to come back to try something else.Note* like some of the other reviewers said, this area seems a bit shady so it'd probably be better if you came here with several other people.
Duble adan dürüm with an ayran and kola! Best meal in all of istanbul. Everything is perfectly prepared over charcoal, including the bread that gets nice and saucy. An order of chicken with beautifully dressed salad or a bowl of classic lentil soup will also fix you up nicely. Hats off to the crew running this joint!
I walked from Sultanahmet to Dolmabache Sarayi, back around to Taksim, Istiklal and just before reaching Galata I finally found one younger guy who had heard of this place. Don't think that because this spot was featured on Anthony Bordain everyone in Istanbul has heard of it, as a matter of fact they don't GAF (so good luck on your treasure hunt). The cool German couple I met on this little corner looked at me like I was a complete joke when I told them I was looking for this place for an hour "you mean you want to eat here because it was on TV..hehe" (I definitely did nothing to improve their opinion of Americans). All that said, you may find yourself eating on a window sill or on a table that resembles something from a 5 year olds tea party but that doesn't matter, neither does any diet or search effort or tv show for that matter...these are the best Kebabs I have ever had. I am at a loss for words, kind of like seeing your crush and forgetting all the sweet poetry you'd been rehearsing to yourself all week. Im considering a move to Istanbul, if so you bet I'll be looking for an apartment across from this smokey little hole in the wall. Cheap and sooo good!
Their kabab is amazing! If u r in Istanbul this is the place to try! Cheap with good taste! Somebody who speaks English this is a bonus!!
It took a good walk from the Taksim Square to reach this amazing place - Ordered Chicken, Mixed Meat and Lamb wraps - the meat was tender and full of great taste - would recommend this place to a local and international foodie -
i really enjoyed, very delicious food and very good price. i went there  again in the next day i got two sandwichs and ayran drink , i paied just 20tl about 5.5 $.
Best street food in Istanbul! Just amazing kebabs and veggies. The people who own the place are extremely nice and accommodating.
Amazing. I didn't know about the Bourdain review- ended up there from a friend's recommendation and was incredibly impressed. We had the lamb, beef, and chicken and fell in love with the chicken. We even returned the next day to get some to eat on our long flight home. Staff were really nice and welcoming- even moved tables out in order for us to sit outside since the nights were so warm.
Excellent! Glad we made the trek to find this kebab place. The adani and chicken kebabs were delicious. Perfect amount of spices and condiments.
4.5 Stars. I'd love to pretend that Durumzade was a place we just happened upon while exploring a really scary neighbourhood in Beyoğlu but let's get real...we were on a mission to find this place after it was featured in one of Anthony Bourdain's episodes of No Reservations. When we walked up we were pleasantly surprised that there wasn't a life sized cut out of Mr. Bordain or a huge tour group with matching t-shirts waiting out front. We started to think we might even have the wrong place until we saw a small framed article in the back of the room mentioning the episode. Otherwise, the placed looked like any other local place to grab a turkish wrap. The cook said that the Adana Kebab was their best item so we ordered four of those, grabbed a few drinks and took our seats. After a brief wait our wraps arrived and I am happy to report - it is worth the hype. I cannot place the seasonings on the meat but there was so much happening. It also had a good amount of spiciness but not overboard. I'm normally not a raw onions person but the onions and parsley balanced everything out without being overpowering. Overall this was so delicious and cheap - we questioned whether we should get second wraps to eat later but forced ourselves to leave so we could try a few other places. Worth the stop.
After seeing the great reviews I had to go and try... I'm so glad I did! I had the single meat chicken kebab and it was delicious great flavours and was a good price. Love that it was cooked over coal. Defiantly will go back will here in Istanbul.
OMG THE BEST!!! I was worried about it being hyped up with the Bourdain props... But it went beyond my expectations in flavor.  I had the lamb and it was perfect.  Had we stayed in the area, we would have been there every night.
Heard/read so many good reviews and Anthony Bourdain going there I had to check it out. Sat outside and order d a double meat wrap with water. The food was good! Seasoned perfectly and juicy. The meat was tender and the onions and tomatoes gave it a nice balance. The bill came out to be 13 lira. I have the guy at the desk 50 lira and he gave me back change. There were people behind me so I stepped outside to count my change. I was shorted 4 lira. He gave me back a 20 10 and 3 lira. I went back inside and told him he shorted me and he denied the fact. He told me he gave me a 5 but he did not. I told him twice that he shorted me but he kept denying. I didn't want to argue since I was traveling alone and I left. I know it's only 4 lira but when you have a plaque from TRIPADVISOR and a picture of Anthony Bourdain on the front of your shop you would expect better. Go and try it out but count your change at the desk in front of the guy or he will deny anything you say to him. Never going back to this place.
Get the double meat wrap (we got the Urfa and And chicken spicy). Highly recommend this place...superior to wraps we had elsewhere. We also got the platter but really preferred the wrap. The platter gets cold easily and the wrap is much more flavorful. Service was friendly. Going back for 2nds.
Ostensibly the best dürüm in Istanbul, and certainly well on par with some of the more up-scale places (e.g. Anachoia concept). For kebab enthusiasts the horizontal charcoal grill might be unfamilar, but it does add a smokey flavor "missing" from other (regional variaties') manifestations. Note and enjoy especially the somewhat burnt and crispy dürüm flatbread.
Honestly the best durum in Istanbul.  As seen on Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservations - Istanbul", durumzade is a must if your out in Taksim.  Always go for the double meat durum, this place never disappoints!
Richtig lekker, kann empfehlen. I don't know who this American guy Bourdain is, but he seems to have good taste if he likes this place. We stumbled upon it and just kind of went in. The people in there were really friendly, even if it kind of looks like the sort of place foreigners don't have any business visiting. Felt very much at home there. Food is excellent. My girlfriend had chicken, I had köfte. It's spicy but totally ok for those who fear the spice! Totally worth it.
Must visit food shop amazing food, and somehow eve. Better service. The manager and I had a great chat about the Turkish language while ordering more food after I finished what I asked for before. It's hard to go home until you've eaten too much.
just the best ever! flavor packed and loaded wraps. have to try at least one and youll never want your wrap anywhere else.
The guys here are the best. So awesome and friendly. I ordered cay and an Adana wrap for 8 liras. It was the best 8 liras I spent. Everything was so freshly prepared. I had the single portion which was perfect for me at the time. It is spicy so if you aren't used to it, they do carry Aryan (a yogurt beverage that should take the burn away). I also liked the spicy peppers they had at each table. They are #15 on Trip Advisor's places to eat in Istanbul. Well worth the visit, not too far from Istikal St!
We're thrilled to hear you had a fantastic experience! Knowing that the meats were perfectly cooked and the flavors were amazing makes us incredibly happy. We're delighted that you found our service both professional and friendly! We look forward to welcoming you back again!
This steakhouse is purely an experience. It's reputation centers on salt bae, and I definitely think the staff and environment upholds the entertaining factors of performance, the food's visual appeal, and elegant interior. The three stars I attribute to this restaurant solely derive from that. The service was great -- the waiters leaned into the dramatics of cooking, cutting, and presenting the food. While there's both indoor and outdoor seating, for a fancier dining experience, the interior is better.The two stars I deduct come down to the quality and price point of what we ordered. As I mentioned prior, the visual appeal of our orders were certainly there. However, the quality was not. Considering the hype and high-end feel to this steakhouse, the food seemed to taste in strike contrast. As we were at a steakhouse, I of course had to go for the steak and was unfortunately disappointed. The meat sushi was okay. And while the performance of cutting and presenting the baklava was nice, the taste itself was not anything special in comparison to other baklava serving spots readily available throughout the city. Considering such, we were paying what I felt was a disproportionate amount to the quality we consumed. It seems that the price point of the dishes here reflect more of the experience tied to salt bae and the dramatics than the actual quality of the food.And that's okay! I honestly expected that, but hoped for more. But at the end of the night, we were certainly not upset but glad we could experience this the one time we did. If you're looking for a memorable experience, this is your spot. If you're purely looking for a quality steakhouse...look elsewhere!
As a Salt Bae fan, I had to check out his first steakhouse, on my trip to Istanbul!The atmosphere was elegant and the food was utterly amazing. Yes, you can get a cheaper steak elsewhere, but you're obviously coming here for the notoriety and showmanship of the Salt Bae. The servers will cut and sprinkle salt on your meal just like you'd expect and it will not disappoint. Like everyone else, I wished the Salt Bae was there when I was. Too bad he doesn't post on Twitter where he will be.The only issue I had was that we had a super rude server named Salemi. He made snide remarks and was cussing at us in Turkish. It's too bad this place employs people like that--really gives the restaurant a bad name.
O my god it's the best. I hated the one in dubai, it was too expensive and the service was awful, this covered my last experience completely. The service was amazing in Istanbul and the food quality was above expectation. I only wish they improve their dubai quality and service to this standard.
The service was beyond great. The food was amazing. I highly recommend this place. The atmosphere was pleasing. I enjoyed the stead and will be back.
It's good. Fantastic. However, I think it is over hyped.Don't get me wrong. If ever in Istanbul, I'll book again :)
I may be one of very few who have this opinion but I found Nusr Et to be very average.I'll start with the pros though. The service was insanely quick, they are trying to pump people in and out of this place. So everything was very fast paced, which was great for us but if you were hoping for a nice slow dinner, this is not the place for you. The flavour was good, the beef carpaccio and the goat cheese salad was delicious. The steaks although was over the top in the table service, did taste good. And as for the price, being in an Istanbul location, the price of this was actually very reasonable and pretty cheap for being a decent steakhouse. And it was a fun experience overall.However the cons now. It is chaotic, even with a reservation, it was very much a reservation so you can stand in line while tables clear. We luckily only waited about 10 minutes waiting before we were seated. The staff were way too eager and fast, they were asking if we knew what we wanted to order for both wine and meals and we weren't even given menus yet. And when we did have the menus, they circled back after maybe a minute. The two steaks we had, the tomahawk and the boiling butter tenderloin, were really good flavour wise. The tomahawk was a bit on the rarer side and the tenderloin on the overcooked side but overall the flavour was good.The beef carpaccio table side service was super rushed, it felt sloppy. We ordered baked potato over mashed potato, but they took the skin at the table and mashed it up anyway so it seems pointless? Not everything has to be table service. The baklava, although not a huge con as it did taste good, the table service was ridiculously over the top. Now the price of the meal was pretty reasonable by the standard of "high end" steakhouse compared to other countries in the world, but compared to other restaurants in Istanbul, this is very overpriced in comparison. And although the meal was delicious, for the price if we were to compare to Istanbul foods, it was very mediocre.At the end of the day, we personally enjoyed the meal, it wasn't mind blowing good, but it wasn't terrible. But with what we're paying in comparison to Turkish high end restaurants, it simply isn't worth it. If you are curious about Nusr-et though, this location is the one to try it out at.
Over priced food that's average but priced to take money from the rich fools who have too much and should probably eat at regular restaurants and give the savings away to poor kids around the world. After all my Dr. says stay away from Salt..it's a killer.
Great food overpriced and little overratedWe came here in our last day in Istanbul to finally try the salt bae steak and I wasn't impressed, although it was cooked perfectly it lacked so much flavors and color.  The sushi bites however, were my favorites very creative but small portions. Moreover, the salad was very unique and stands out. The saltbae cheese burger however, was my absolute favorite and incredibly juicy. Sorry saltbae I gotta be honest
Writing this review for the service. The food was decent. The burgers were good but the kofte lacked flavor. They first seat us outside, as it is 100 degrees and under no shade. I've never had that happen to me. I asked for a table change and they move us indoors within 2-3 minutes. Why not do that from the very beginning then? The waitress I had was extremely rude. I understand English isn't commonly spoken but when there was a mix up with our drinks, she snapped. No smile and everything was said with such attitude. Food, plates, utensils were being tossed our way. She just throws the salt on the plate and leaves when the food came. Overall, very disappointing experience. Learn to treat your customers better. Language may be a barrier but hospitality should not be.-Sincerely, a girl from Los Angeles who can handle rude people but this was over the top.
This is the original restaurant of the Instagram celebrity / phenomenon called Salt Bae. He gained his popularity with his unique salting capability and move and has since acquired huge investment from one of the largest corporations in Turkey for expanding his concept around the world. This plane thankfully still maintains the original look and charm but don't expect a quiet dinner here as it's packed tight and they try to get you out as soon as possible to accommodate the queue outside waiting for tables until midnight or later.This is not a place for you if you are a vegetarian. This is all about meat, meat and more meat :-) The menu had a lot of small starters and then a lot of meat mains. We choose a Nusr-Et platter which comes with different cuts like filet, lamb and so on. They bring the meat to the table and prepare it. The filet was doused in hot clarified butter and cooked in the fat. It was delicious but I could eat no more than a piece. The lamb was also nice. The chocolate doused profiterole was also ok but a bit too much.I am glad I tried this place but to be honest I would not rush back here. It's more theatre than all about food and they rush you out. The service was excellent but extremely hurried and you could tell they wanted your table back as soon as possible.
It's extremely touristy and super overrated. The lines are long people dress up and it's like the equivalent of going to outback steakhouse in America. I understand the gimmick with the whole salt Bae thing.. Bey..?It worked. The place is always crowded with tourists. They make great fries and a pretty good burger but you'll find the same for half the price at any burger place place within the 10 mile radius of the restaurant.You cannot order lamb unless you're there with family because the portions are huge. Five people. It's sort of a " thing to do" like visit  katz deli when you're in New York.*Do not order the steak salad because it is sliced deli meat on top of arugula..For $30 USDThat's almost 250 Turkish lira.For a few slices of processed meat
I went with my family on the last day of my trip to Istanbul since I had heard great reviews. The burgers were good and we loved the flavor. However we were disappointed with their customer service when a long hair came out from one of the burgers. Neither the waiter Mahmud nor the manager had the courtesy to address the situation or to extend an apology. I returned the half eaten sandwich and ask them not to serve another as I didn't feel like eating any more. Their behavior towards us was like we were pulling one over them. We paid the entire bill and also tipped the waiter which I regretted later. Will never be eating there again. Very overrated..
Not sure why this place doesn't have a better rating because our meal was magnificent.Started with the special sushi and the jumbo shrimp. Then we moved out to the beef ribs, lokum, ribeye steak and one more beef dish. The meats were cooked so perfectly amazing that one of my friends choked because she was loving it and eating too fast, and her sister didn't even notice because she was so enthralled by the meal. The only thing really missing from our night was Nusret himself; that would have capped off our visit.-We had reservations and were sat down after ordering one round of drinks (the bartenders were super friendly and cool btw)-Our server was excellent and the presentation of how the food comes out is outstanding-They don't have much to offer for desserts-The waiting area is bumpin'-- it's like a lounge/club up in that place
THE BEST STEAK HOUSE SERVICE !! If you're in Turkey, it's a must-do. There is a mosh pit of a line experience but they do serve you little small bites of beef to taste with complimentary wine.  At least for us they did. Please, please, please make reservations because this place gets crowded.But the service was AMAZING. We had to ask our chef to cook our food well done otherwise it's coming out pink, but great experience overall. I almost forget to mention if you're a US resident the taste will be different than what we're used too. Their food is super fresh so try it with an open mind.
Never before have I tried such delicious steak and lamb chops. I am so glad I came here during my stay in Istanbul there was no way I was not going to have dinner here. I came here with my husband with a big appetite because we were ready to indulge in a feast.We arrived and added ourselves to the wait! We had to wait about an hour but the waiting process is a bit hectic because you don't get to sit and wait it was more like standing in a crowd with hungry people around the lady who calls out your name to be seated. If you don't hear your name when she calls it then they give your seat to someone else.We were finally seated and decided to order 2 Dallas steak, 2 lamb chops, mash potatoes, and a avacado salad. The Dallas steak and lamb chops  was amazing!!!! The seasoning, flavor, the quality of meat was just perfection!!!! This is where you need to come for your meat cravings. I wasn't a big fan of the avocado salad because it was drenched in oil.The restaraunt is huge and beautiful! From the entrance you can see all the chef beating and cooking the meat which is pretty cool! I had a wonderful experience here and I will come here again and again and again!!! Worth the wait and money!
If you're in the mood for amazing steak and a fun atmosphere this is the place. We were worried about the wait time initially but soon realized they had an organized chaos. We were seated within 15 minutes with no reservation on a busy Saturday night.We had to wait for the English speaking waiter to get our drinks and menu. It was overwhelming but he helped make recommendations. We had the avocado salad to start. A very big salad that could have fed three or four as an entree. Very fresh and tasty.For the main, we shared the house special steak, a thinly sliced sizzling plate of meat along with small slices of bread. A rich butter sauce goes over it and creates a delicious flavour. The melted goodness when meat sits on soaked bread. We devoured it!For sides we had too many. Spinach and onions with a baked potato and french fries. The fries could have been skipped, some thyme sprinkled over it.Somehow we got dessert after seeing it prepared for the table next to us. Baklava with ice cream and a fantastic production to present it. Absolutely delicious! We left satisfied and hoping this restaurant chain expands to other parts of the world.
We had a great experience here. Ordered the Tomahawk Ribeye, Nusr-et Special and the Rack of Lamb. Paired with a couple bottle of red wines.Salt Bae came by and snapped a few shots with us (really, he grabbed my sister as she was eating for a picture. She didn't even notice him behind her) midway through out deal.  Salt Bae did have a little hole in his white-tee so I told him he can borrow one of mine anytime. He said "thank you, be sure to come to my restaurant in Miami".Service was great, our host and waiter were very attentive despite how crowded the restaurant was on a Friday night. It almost felt like we were at the hottest club in town. Tourist, locals and many beautiful women everywhere. Be sure to make reservations or be prepared to wait at least an hour for a table. Even with our reservations we waited 10 minutes before getting seated. Not a classy steakhouse but a hip, young, instagram trendy type of eatery.Loved the exchange rate as well. Our meal for 3 adults came to just shy of $300 USD. Absurdly cheap for everything we got! For a meal like this back in Seattle would've set us back at least $600-$700 at a minimum.
Went in with super high expectations but we were disappointed. Food was room temp, service was average, meat quality wasn't the best. Only item good on the menu were the burgers. Wish it wasn't room temperature though. I would give this place 2.5 stars max. Will try the Dallas and Miami locations next.
Nusr-Et is the magic place for gourmets!!!Perfect place if you love delicious food: specially meat and first of all "Steaks" and of course outstanding customer service.The drinks were refreshing but yet strong. The atmosphere was high-end.We had the Best waitress in restaurant experience she was friendly, smiling and very professional!!! We've had a pleasure of being served by Kubra, she has been absolutely phenomenal!Thanks to Nusr-Et for an exquisite evening!
Hipster, trendy, good food, not expensive, good service and it's the place where everyone wants to be in IstanbulFull of rich Arab clients and the elite of Istanbul young crowds
As you may know I heard about this place on social media , I was planning to go check out one his restaurants in Miami or New York, well didn't work out and here I am in Istanbul , I booked my reservation online , what a great choice, knowledgeable staff, absolutely delicious food, professional service and definitely great design.Well done Nusr-Et.
Must visit for all meat lovers. Mind blown! I knew about this restaurant from the whole #saltbae trend. I also learnt that they are a really good steakhouse but wasn't convinced until I came here.Meat was incredibly fresh! I've maybe only had some premium meat at Japanese steakhouse but boy was I blown away. We ordered the lokum, saslik and kasarli kofte. My favourite was the saslik! Amazing seasoning and not too much or salty at the same time. Great balance!We waited for about 20 mins, I think that was reasonable. We were also pretty lucky to have met Nusret. He was incredibly friendly and took a picture with us.I'll definitely visit this restaurant again!
This place is beyond unbelievably delicious. All the meats were cooked perfectly and they put on a Salt Bae show table side as they cut and fan out the slices of beef. Everything tasted of nothing less than perfection.
Beautiful restaurant, food and service are excellent! Highly recommend this place! Would give 10 stars for it if was possible!
Personal Favorites: RibsStyle: SteakhouseAmbiance: Classy, Expensive and very CrowdedService: Friendly and they let you feel like a kingNote: This is the most famous Turkish Steak House known as SaltbeaNusr-Et Steakhouse is a ​very well known​ world class Steakhouse. Delicious​  meats, exceptional​  service. Very expensive. Very Classy.Their presentation to foods is​ amazing. I think if you can afford you should try but this is definitely​ not an​ everyday place.
You can have a meal here that ranges from 200₺ to 2000₺ or even possibly higher but not much lower. The meat usually starts at 80₺ and goes up (köfte is an exception at 35₺). It's expensive, but compare that to Günaydın Steakhouse which has very similar prices, no poor sod should ever, EVER have to endure Günaydın when Nusr.Et is an option. They simply play in different leagues.Let's start with the salad. Why salad? Because it's properly good, this is the first Turkish restaurant I've ever been to that served a good salad with a nice dressing. Usually it's olive oil with vinegar/lemon juice, and I usually avoid salad when I go out because of that, but I could genuinely come here for the salad, it was delicious.On to the meat, the beef ribs (140₺ for two people) was great, presentation wise and taste wise but it won't fill you up, for they don't even serve a side dish with it, no rice/mashed potatoes/fries, nada, so when I asked about a side dish, they did bring some fries, but they were too dry.The staff is all male with glorious mustaches who are like little puppies trying to please you, which can get annoying, and like puppies, they don't know where the line is, for they did something I consider unacceptable, I was about to order some mineral water but when my mate didn't want any, cancelled it. Yet 10 minutes later a glass of mineral water still showed up. If it had been for anything else, a drink, a dish, a dessert, anything, I would've seriously taken some issue with it but since it was just water, I let it pass.The famous baklava is good, still too sickly sweet but the ice cream balances it out as much as it can, however for some reason they serve it upside down, which really doesn't look good and is peculiar considering how much other dishes are presented with flair and finesse. I mean even the champagne is served with pomegranate seeds and strawberry.Nusret payed us a visit after our meal, who was sporting two watches on his wrists, an Apple watch and a Royal Oak, and offered us some complimentary cocktails. It was really lovely on his behalf, but they weren't any good if I have to be honest.And last but not least, the most outrageous dish on the menu is the 80₺ salmon. Now as far as I know, there are only 3 companies which import Norwegian salmon into Turkey, and salmon in a cheap fish, costing about 30 to 50 TL per kilogram, which is why it's usually the cheapest fish dish in most places. So there is no free range, organic, gluten free, low fat, ethically raised, blessed by Tibetan monks, harvested only when all planets line up salmon in Turkey that would justify the price. I think Nusret made it so expensive as a middle finger for those who would come to his place and forego choosing meat, which by his own admission, he is in love with...
To start I would like to say l looove the meat at Nusr-et obviously :) all what we order so far for all the times we went there was tasty juicy and came out exactly the way we asked for. For the burgers I would definitely recommend the lokum burger which is way better that the regular burger it's just magic hehe. The funny part is that all the waiters have that French artist looking moustache lol cool though. I love nusret and I'm always satisfy with their service
I am probably the only millennial on the planet that hadn't heard of the #saltbae meme prior to coming here, although I was quickly schooled by a traveling companion. However, I think this allows me to judge the steakhouse on its merits (or lack thereof) without prior notions of its excellence.As you might expect, the place was jam-packed although the frenetic atmosphere was reduced in the upstairs seating area. The service was spectacularly sub-par; after being seated we weren't even given water for twenty minutes and it took that long for someone to deign to take our order. The dishes we did order were 1) Onion Flower 2) New York Steak 3) Lamb Fillet and 4) Nusr Et Burger. Of these, only the Onion Flower and Lamb Fillet were unequivocally good. The steak was chewy and unseasoned. The burger came close to being perfect (and had a fun little flag proclaiming proudly "#saltbae", but the cheese was uber salty.Overall, this was an expensive meal we didn't enjoy. We were later told by a friend that the dishes are hit-or-miss. But ordering the best item on the menu (allegedly the rack of lamb) would not have ameliorated the shoddy service. If you're in Istanbul and ambivalent about social media memes, this is place you'd do well to skip; I'm sure there are equally classy steakhouses with excellent food that are not internet famous (yet).
A huge disappointment to say the least. I had heard rumors that the famous Nusret(SaltBae)'s restaurants both in Istanbul and New York was underwhelming, but even then I couldn't have predicted how awful this restaurant.They weren't serving any of the steaks on their menu that day, and were not even apologetic about it. When you're a steakhouse, you should probably serve steak...The service was awful. They couldn't keep track of which table ordered which dishes, so they kept going around trying to give people the wrong orders. They literally went from table to table doing this. Then, after the waiter brought the entrees, he brings a bottle of ketchup and mayonnaise and places it on the table next to us, and says "you all can share the ketchup and mayo."When taking my order, they didn't know what medium meant; asked me "what do you mean medium". Then they brought the meat well done...The taste was average at best, and was totally not worth the price tag.This place is clearly getting by on its genius marketing, and the quality has dropped substantially since Nusr-Et became a world wide phenomenon. Extremely disappointed.
The food was better than good. We went to location with a large group. Ordered lamb rack, Dallas steaks and three burgers not knowing if it would be enough. The lamb rack was juicy, flavorful and just right. Burgers were also good.  The service was neither excellent and nor poor. But somewhere in the middle, not what we had expected. Too fast food like. Considering the food is very expensive. Hence that is the reason three stars and not 4-5. The bathrooms were not clean, sitting area was cramped.Just a bit disappointed cause the food is great.
I'm from ft Lauderdale USAMr. Nusret I hope you read this review or one of your employees will let you know about thisWe came on Saturday night at 10:00pm July 27We asked for:Salads for appetizers and they were sold outDallas steak - - they didn't have anyI asked if they had anything similar and they said noTheir only answer was,Only file mignon and new york steakMy family and I took 1 File Mignon and 2 new york steaksThe File was okayThe new york steak was hard low quality of meatSo when you are in Miami please call me I like to invite you to one of the steakhouse likeNyy steakhouseOkeechobee steakhouseCapital grilleSo you can understand the tenderness of other steakhouse meatYour steak was $9.99 10ozFor istanbul your prices way over normal pricesEmail me at Uri@rankmyweb.comUriQ
So far we have had a terrible experience. The toilets are filthy. The bar service is good. The team that manages the wait list was actually very nice as well. Once you get the table it goes south. The wait staff at the table does not welcome with a smile once. At first they put us at a table that we were expected to share with another couple. Come on! The first waiter we did eventually get could not speak English and could not explain what meat and how it was being served. The manager who came next insisted that maybe I was too drunk (was getting there but not quite). Half their menu was not available when we got our table. We wanted Kobe meat and that was sold out.Next they wanted to give us the Nusr-Et special which is meat that you cook on the table. Good idea 10 years ago. If I have to do the work at a high end steak place then might as well grill myself at home. We ended with Filet Mignon not sure how it will taste. Unless it is mind blowing I would have to say this place is considerably over rated and Istanbul does not know good service or good steak to come to a joint like this!
We wanted to be part of the hype while visiting Istanbul so we made an effort to visit on Thursday March 21st 2019 at 7:30pm. The distance from our hotel to the restaurant was only 9.8 KM (per gps) but it took us an hour and a half getting stuck in the traffic. It was nice of them to accommodate us besides being late for half an hour. The location is pretty cool located in an upscale neighborhood but overly crowded. The line started from outside. Ppl waiting in the lobby were on top of each other. It was chaos inside-practically a zoo. Our server disappointed us by not allowing us to order any steak items from the menu and pushed us to order the lamb items or beef strips that doesn't require too much prep/cook time. He practically said that steaks are NOT available tonight. It was a total mood killerSo we didn't order any appetizers, salads, alcoholic beverages and desserts-only ordered burger, ny strip and 2 lamb items. I must admit that the menu pricing was reasonable as compare to NYC. Our bill came out to $130. We ate, paid our bill and got the hell out of there. Too crowded, too chaotic and not worth the hype!
famously, ever branches have different taste  ..Beef sushi wasn't goodKofta with chees was OKAiran milk wasnt good
All about red meat!Tender, juicy, and delicious. The staff are very friendly too. A must-go when in Turkey.
Place is over hyped. The steak quality is great, but there's no flavor. Service and ambiance is great. But that's about it.
This is my 2nd time coming in a week the burgers are fire Aka amazing OMG!!!!! It's worth the wait OneHundoooo
The food was amazingly delicious!! I made a reservation and last minute another person wants to join us when we arrive there the girl outside who is taking reservations to table was super annoyed and rude to us. I didn't like her attitude. Even you have an appointment you still have to wait on the line for your name to call. Unfortunately you can't stop those rich spoiled people who has attitude being rude to others!We definitely love the burgers , steaks and salad. Workers are friendly and professional. Baklava in the end was fabulous!! Definitely go there with an reservation and make sure you are going little earlier than your time. I don't think it's kid friendly or family friendly. We went there large group of 8 with a kid. For dinner it's not family kid friendly at least, maybe in lunch time it might be different. The restaurant is super loud with music. It's kind of impossible to hear others on your table. I think music should be lower.
Best burger I've ever had!! The place is extremely busy but it's differently worth the wait... my second time back here the food is amazing!! My favorite food here is everything buttttttt the lamb chops and burgers are to die for..
I went in 2019 and it was amazing! We ordered the gold steak and it was one of the best meats in my life, sorry the best, but don't tell my mother!
I absolutely love this place! Best steak I've ever had in my own country. You can try other steak houses but this is the one that you'll dream about.The atmosphere and the service are top notch, location is perfect. The waiters are a little mean and very direct but it's ok, thats the way I like it.The food....? Omfg!Try their variety-meat package and definitely try "goat salad". Crispy-lamb-tail-fat on sliced meatloaf is just HEAVEN!!! (check out the pic I uploaded) You will have those babies when you order variety package.Try their rich selection of Turkish red wines. My fave one is any "Corvus" brand red wines.This is not a typical steak house or great steak restaurant. This is an art & design house in steak restaurant business. They are very creative and extraordinary with their style.You will easily spend around 250Lira which is $120 per person (as of 2014) but it's definitely worth it!Satisfaction guaranteed! You will absolutely love this gorgeous place!
Overview - The Good: Excellent cock-tails and sides. Bad: Served a cold, very fatty steak, Horrible service, Waitstaff blaming customers, would not rectify, ignored at table, had to flag down people for service, walk inside to get check. Management lied about getting manager as we waited and waited and waited. Killed vibes for last night in IstanbulAs a Texan, and someone who can appreciate a fine steak, I was very excited to try Nusr et while in Istanbul. The night started out fantastic, but by the end we were just crushed, angry and flat out disappointed and attempting to leave as quickly as possible.We made a reservation ahead of time for 10PM many days in advance, and arrived at 9:30 to find the place absolutely packed. We checked in and had some drinks at the bar until it was our time to be seated. The cocktails were phenomenal and rival some of the best / high end mixology bars in the states. The bartenders have absolutely radiant personalities and are just really cool guys and make great conversation. A DJ was playing smooth house music and everything was amazing at this point.Right around 10, we were called to be seated which was excellent as we made it to the table right at our reservation time despite the large queue of people waiting to get in. Our waiter took our orders for drinks and appetizers. The appetizers were brought out and just like the drinks, were excellent. The rocket salad was packed with flavor. We ordered two Dallas Steaks at the previous recommendation of the bar man from our wait inside. This is where things began to go down hill quickly...The steaks were brought out and dropped off at the table as the waiter walked away. Note: All steaks here are immediately cut by the wait staff or designated meat cutters as this is part of the presentation. We waited, and waited, and waited, but our waiter had disappeared. After 4 minutes I literally was having to wave my hands to flag someone down to cut the steak. Waiting some more. Finally around 8 minutes after, we have someone cut the steak - which is now cold (we ordered it medium rare). We asked the meat cutter to please call the waiter over because we were not happy. Instead of offering to replace the steaks, the waiter said that he could "re-heat" it for us. I pointedly told him, reheating the steak would ruin the taste, and you cannot re cook a cooked steak. He balked and said this is all he could do.At that point we were relegated to eating our cold steak. Trying to stay positive, eating through it even upset us further as the majority of the steak was fat ~30% and we were just cutting away piece after piece after piece away instead of enjoying the steak which just upset as further.When the bar man from inside came to check up on us, and I told him what had happened he was very saddened. He asked me why I had not come to the bar to tell him and called over the waiter to ask what happened. The waiter said that no one came to cut the steak in a timely manner, but then started blaming and putting the fault on my girlfriend saying that it was her decision not to have the steak "re-heated". I was shocked by the lack of professionalism. The bar tender offered us dessert on him, which was a nice gesture, but we should not have been charged for the steak.At this point, the waiter flat out disappeared for the rest of the night and refused to come by our table. Before during and after dessert, over 30 minutes passed and not once did he come to our table. I had to leave my table, track him down inside and ask for him to please give us our check so we could get the hell out of there. Another manager saw me and asked how everything was. I explained and he apologized and said he would get the "big manager" to come by and talk with us. We waited and waited and waited as he stood there - this never happened.We felt humiliated, and most of all saddened by the experience. On what was supposed to be our last night in Istanbul and going out with a bang was instead, some of the worst service and humiliating experiences ever. The restaurant did not offer and would not remove the steaks. I really wanted to like this place, but I cannot recommend this place in good conscience to anyone. You're better off and will be happier getting a doner kebap from Taksim for 12 turkish lira (~$2.50 USD).
The ambiance is exciting and the food was good. Our server, however, pushed the signature gold lamb. When we opted against it, he basically ignored us the remainder of the meal. We relied on other servers to get what we needed thereafter. I'd give the place at least one more star if the service experience wasn't so bizarre. We went for a good time and great meal. We came back with a good meal and an odd time.
Point by point review of our unfortunate dinner experience at Nusret from entering to leaving:1- Reservations were not acknowledged and we had to wait like all the walk-ins. The place was obviously and carelessly overbooked by at least ten tables, on purpose maybe even to increase the hype. Host did not bother giving us a waiting time and responded with "don't know can be 5 min can be 2 hours". This is a recurrent issue based on reviews2- As soon as we headed towards our table I couldn't help but smell a bad, moist, stench. Did not help with the appetite. Place has no circulation and is in deep need of renovation3- Waiter came to say hi 30 minutes after sitting. He bullied us into ordering overpriced wine/champagne and a "set" of salad and meats. All of which we said no thank you because we had wanted other things, to which he made obvious he was annoyed about. Advice: don't be pushed into ordering what they want4- Tomahawk steak made it to us rare even though we ordered it medium. Waiter was no where to be found for 15 min so we ended up eating it as it is. Actually had to leave half of it because we're not used to rare. Waiter forgot to cut it initially as well because it was so busy5- The so called Nusr-Et special finally made its way one hour after ordering.6- Three hours after entering this dump we paid the overpriced bill and left.If you want steak, go to a steakhouse. This is NOT a steakhouse. It's a zoo and Nusr-Et should be ashamed of himself for maintaining this circus
Had a reservation that booked 4 weeks in advance but still had to wait 45 minutes for our table. Food was alright but the service waiter scammed us and didn't give us back the $100 bill change even though we tipped him. I had mixed opinions before I went but the negative experience overall took place. #Over_priced #Under_Deliver
Had a reservation @9 pm. Came at 8:45, waited around until after 10 pm & still wasn't seated or acknowledged. Super disappointed. Was excited to try the steak but not worth the long wait. What's the point of reservations if you don't even get seated within an hour?
Very expensive and the food is horrible. The service is very bad. They don't like to service women even though you are paying the same money as men.
The meat is great, but service was horrible!! Super crowded and ridiculously loud music. Very commercial, what a disappointment.
Came here with my wife and we had an amazing time.  Keep in mind that it's super busy almost all the time so even if you have a reservation you may have to wait up to 45 minutes.  Started with the beef sushi, which was not only delicious, but they bring out the beef sushi raw then use two blowtorches to cook them right in front of you for an awesome experience.  We had the beef ribs as our main dish and they were the best beef ribs we've ever had.  Ended with baklava which was also amazing, as expected.
Expect to wait a hour to sit down, even with a reservation. And, your waiter will most likely ignore you the whole time. But if you can put up with all of that, you will experience some of the best steak anywhere in the world. And unlike their American locations, the prices here are actually reasonable. I recommend the Dallas steak (ribeye).
Best food I had in Istanbul. Good quality meat and the service is excellent. We came here twice during our visit and both times were a great experience! I would definitely go back. And it's a fun experience!
The service was terrible, the entire staff was not accommodating. When asking questions about the menu, they give you 30 seconds to make your order and run off to another table. They are under staffed. Everything is drenched in butter - just because it is cooked with butter doesn't mean it will taste good. I came all the way from Beverly Hills and I was truly disappointed. Was really looking forward. The Nusret special was nothing to ride home about. What a waste of $200
They better learn what customer service means before they open a restaurant  in NYC!After sending  my food back to kitchen twice, i still didnt get how i want it! Even though  i told them i paid my one drink at the bar still, get questioned by stuff twice, who i paid? When i paid?.. maybe i get the second one??... unbelievable... pay 300, but fight for 20 bucks..
This place is very good! The menu is expensive but i think it's worth it especially to try once. This restaurant actually reminds me a lot of Fogo de Chao.
A flight of meat consisting of dry aged delectable organic halal meat that is mind blowing is a must while visiting Istanbul.  The meat melts in your mouth.  You cannot go wrong with any cut including meat sushi and ribs.  The founder was a butcher who now delights his guest with the finest cuts from well treated cattle and then wows his guests with exquisite presentation and flavor.  I applaud you, Nusret.  Your name is evident this restaurant was your fate as "et" means meat!
Located in the european part of Istanbul near the Bosphorus in a very decent area, this restaurant is dedicated illed meat. As soon as you enter the place you can see on the left side huge frdidges full of pieces of beef and lamb, and on the other side a giant wood coal grill runned by a dozen of cookers. The atmosphere is quite vibrant, mainly full of tourists but the the experience really worth it. You seat on a wooden table and can order many types of grill meat; all of them perfectly cooked.
I really don't understand the great reviews for this place. In my experience, this is a below-par, overpriced steakhouse, without even a view to justify the high prices, poor service, and mid-grade food.The exception to this sea of mediocrity was the sommelier - he was knowledgeable and friendly, and was able to recommend a very nice Turkish wine similar to a GSM.The rest was entirely forgettable - these guys have NO IDEA how to cut or cook what I'm sure  was a very delicious piece of Kobe beef. They thin-sliced it and then over-cooked it. Sigh. The sides (pureed spinach and baked potato) were ok - but just ok. Steak tartare - also just ok. The baklava and ice cream that everyone raves about was fine, but nothing spectacular. Plus, they were out of all flavors but one. Sad.And the service was abominable - rushing us ALL THE TIME and the place wasn't even full. Not like they needed to turn the tables quick - they sure weren't gonna get a lot of tips, the way they were acting.Total came to about 800 TL - which would be fine for great food and solid service. Here, I felt like I got robbed. WOULD NOT come back.
They better learn what customer service means.You have wait to sit down, even with a "reservation"!!!Hafta sonu yogun olabilecegi tahmini ile iki gun onceden rezervasyonumuzu yaptirdik. Daha iceri girmeden felaket bir yogunluk ve sira vardi. Personel acemi ve ortamda kaos vardi. Kalabaligin icinden siyrilip rezervasyonumuzun oldugunu soyledim. Bize siraya girmemizi soylediler birazdan ilgenecekleri dile getirdiler. Ancak biraz bekledikten sonra boyle bir kaos, dugun ortaminda yememeye karar verdik. Paranla rezil olmak diye buna denir!! Dunya standardinda kapi da karsilanirsin ve rezervasyon defterine bakilir!!! Bunun uzerine Gurkan Chef'e gittik. Muazzam bir service ve kalite vardi. Alkisliyorum...
On May 24 and 25, 2018I visited the restaurant in the Barraza in Istanbul. My friends in Istanbul said it was a "must" place and since I was at the Barraza we had a late lunch.  The meat was excellent and the service was good until I noticed the bottom of my baked potato was rotten.  Yes I got a taste of the rotten potato which ruined the meal for me.  I told the wait, and he ignored me like so, what do you want me to do.  I thought for the price he would have at least offered to replace the potato, but he said nothing and walked off.  Why did I go back a second time, it was with a different friend.  The desert baklava was excellent, and I would go back again just for the desert.Waiting for the restaurant to open in Los Angeles, you can bet they will need improvement on their service and quality of potatoes they service or they will get only back reviews.
Very poor customer relations,very long waiting times even with a reservation ahead,terrible service,poor quality of food and over priced.Because of the popularity my children want to go time ro time but today ia the last as my son had an accident at the slippery wooden stairs and as you may assume noone even called us back although we called them from the hospital!!
Best cheeseburger I ever had. It is pricy but you get the quality you pay for. Highly recommended.
Great and amazing food, very nice staff they go the extra mile and deliver a show and one of them actually feed meBest meat cuts I have tasted in my life
Really great restaurant in Istanbul! A must go!! The food is truly delicious and the ambience is fun and hip. I recommend getting the baklava ice cream for dessert!! All the meat was great as well.
I took my son here for a special lunch.  I knew it was expensive going in, but after reading many reviews, decided I would go for the burger lunch menu (which isn't on the menu) and splurge for a steak for my son.  If you know what you are getting into, you can have a fantastic experience here.  First, the place is truly exorbitantly expensive.  But, we greatly enjoyed ourselves.  I like the location in the old China Grill spot.  Classic NYC.  We had great attention from our server, Ali.  As mentioned, I ordered the burger lunch special and it was one of the top five burgers I think I have ever had.  Simple, great flavor, melted cheese, and a perfect bun.  Awesome meat.  Awesome burger.  The fries that came with it - perfect.  And the baklava for dessert was awesome.  Lunch special for $30... that's as good as one can do in NYC.  My son had the $100 steak and loved it.  The presentation was great, the waiter even fed him the first bite.  He shared my fries and the baklava.  We spent $150 for lunch... but it was something special and we thought the food was terrific.  You are paying for the experience and that's quite a premium.  That said, we loved the food, service, atmosphere, and isn't that what a meal is all about?  I'd take my whole family there for four burger lunches :-).  Thanks to Ali for taking great care of us and making sure we had a terrific time.   My son and I will never forget our great lunch at Nasr-ET!
Everything is fine. Food is amazing. But I think it's a little to hyped up. A little overrated but it's a great experience
Nusret benim favori steak house restoranım. Ben keskin kuralları olacak kadar kendine güvenen yerlere bayılıyorum. Nusret te keskin kuralları olan bir yer.İlk olarak adamların menüsü yok. Menü istediğin garson sanacanlı menü getirdim diyerek espiri yapıyor ve kendisi yardımcı oluyor size.Nusret'in size pahalı geleceğini düşünüp gitmekten vazgeçmeyin. Burada çok para ödemeden keyifle yemek yeme yöntemleri mevcut:) ilk olarak Salata gibi gereksiz şeyleri almaktan kaçının. Gerçekten canınız istemiyorsa şarap açmayın ve her ne kadar tadı mükemmel olursa olsun ortaya kafes söylemeyin. Bu şekilde ödediğiniz miktarın düştüğünü göreceksiniz. Ayrıca köfte seviyorsanız çok lezzetli kaşarlı köfteleri var. Steak sevenleriçin de new york'u tavsiye edebilirim.
Oh good god  let me tell you about  the epicness of this steak house !!!you walk in and see coolers full of meat and the kitchen / meat prep area is right there !!ALL I can say is that when I next visit ... this place is on MUST go to again list !!!
Absolutely loved Nusr. I am a fan of the Turkish steakhouse. Would be a huge hit in the States.
I can say this the best restaurant in Istanbul. Very friendlily staff. The owner is very nice person and very humble. Prefect prefect prefect. Just make sure reserve the table at least 5 hours earlier.  Other wise you have to wait more than an hour. Turkish wine was very good. Steak was very juicy and tasty.
Must try because it's one of the hip places in Turkey and extending to other countries as well. The wait was very long although we made our reservation one month in advance. The place was packed with customers that were waiting, mainly tourists, but had no waiting area. We had a good one on one service and everything that the waiter recommended was good but heavy. We had 2 bottles of wine as per their sommelier's suggestion and both were fair. It's one of those places you must see but will only go there once so give it a try when you are in Istanbul.
Nusr-Et Dubai was a terrible experience. The management is distasteful and has terrible communication skills. It took them almost 3 weeks to get us a reservation because it would take them such a long time to answer basic questions via email. I attempted to call over the phone acknowledging their time zone, and the manager was never available.I also had never heard that due to the party size such as ours of 16 people that we needed a deposit being sent as a wire rather than holding credit card info as all other restaurants do. It is ludicrous! So we sent the wire to secure the reservation, but since they took forever to reply, the wire was supposedly received after the dinner reservation. So on the night of the reservation, they charged me the full dinner fee without accounting the non-reversible wire deposit. It is shameful that I had to pay full price and not have my deposit accounted for because otherwise, they would call the police even though they had the wire receipt. It was their fault, not mine! This was embarrassing with my friends!After the dinner, I asked them to deposit back my wire by giving me a credit on my credit card since the dinner amount was still pending, and it took them another 3 weeks to issue a refund instead of just deducting the difference or giving me a credit. I had to deal with this people over a month and a half just to get a reservation for 16 people and a credit. They left me literally with a salty bitter taste in my mouth!
Now, I enjoy fine red meat as much as the next earth-wandering epicurean and I reached an enlightened state during my lunch here.The occasion was a business lunch and my colleague and I decided to let the locals make the selections. Beginning with very flavourful goat cheese and farm salads, I couldn't wait to dive into any one of the mesmerising, sometimes sizzling, dishes that whizzed past our table. Finally, it was time, and the extraordinary plates my Turkish brethren ordered began to arrive. We tasted the Nusret Kobe, Beef Chop with Mustard Sauce, Tenderloin Strips, Asado Beef Ribs, and the Rack of Lamb. Maybe each dish outperformed the previous; but maybe it was just the first time my taste buds were awakened by such delights. Somehow, we saved room for the most lip-smacking Baklava ever to grace my palate paired with the traditional Turkish coffee.I will being going for a steak, not a kebab, next time in Istanbul thanks to Nusr-Et Steakhouse.
What a horrible experience this was. My wife and I went for a dinner and were so excited to eat at the famous salt bae restaurant. It started off nice, we were placed on the waiting list and while we waited i had a beer at the bar. We were placed with a table pretty quickly. While my wife went to the table I paid 20 lira for the beer and left. We were seated at a group table. My wife had the Lokum and I had the New York streak. My steak was delicious  but my wife's food was underdone. She had to send it back to the kitchen twice and it still wasn't how she wanted. Strike one. Then when the bill arrived we were charged for the beer that we had at the bar even though I had paid. The total bill was over 300 lira. After telling the server they had multiple people come to us to ask who we paid etc etc. we ended up arguing for over 20 min and they finally took it off. Strikes 2 and 3. What a disastrous evening  to what was supposed to be a great night. Would give zero stars if I could!
The food is good as usual! The service is terrible. Try other locations! 40 min for a burger to get ready!
The 1 star is only for her food here. The service is horrible!!! It automatically brings a person in a bad mood. I'm a tourist and was recommended by many people to come here for steaks. First of all my reservation was made for 9:30pm we, we walked in at least 5 minutes early. They made us wait 45 minutes for the table, and the hostess was dumb and super rude. I asked her for an estimate she said she couldn't give me a time frame as to when I would get the table, which is super unprofessional. After 45 when we get the table, we start ordering, the waiter is wondering off day dreaming not even looking at us and was aloof when we were ordering our meals. By the way half the things we ordered were not even available, not the steak we wanted, no shrimps, no avocado! I mean why don't you just close your resteraunt down for the night. The waiter was super slow and didn't even bother for our table. I have been in Istanbul for 3 days now, eaten at fine and at the hole in the wall places. I got good service everywhere, especially at the hole in the wall places more than I got here. The reviews people have written is all for the food which no doubt is amazing. The service is SOOOOO BAD I would never come back here!
Just show, the prices are very high. There are better places in istanbul for eating meat dishes.
Salt bae hands down best service ever!!!!! Food was incredible, Salt bae very crafty, artistic, and very humble. Tomahawk steak is breath taking! Exceptional service!
Incredible meat, Great ambiance and service!!! And don't miss the baklava with ice cream for desert.
Horrible service!! Would not recommend to anyone! Made us wait over 45 mins when we had reservations and half the things on the menu were not available! What kind of service is this! Waiters are rude and don't pay attention to you!
There is an idiot they have working as a hostess who looks like a scarecrow and spews bullshit out to everyone who walks through the door. Be prepared to wait forever for a table whether or not you have a reservation-- her answer is always "just give me two minutes". Hard to enjoy a meal when it started out with terrible service. They should learn how to run a restaurant that makes guests actually feel like guests, rather than just telling people lies to squeeze in a few more suckers who actually wait.
Best of the best,, I went to nusret and to kababci it is a new branch of nusret all were excellent, best place to eat in Istanbul , the appetizer , laham magoun, salad, grilled beef and the sweet all are delicious
Totally overated. Yes Salt Bae made a whole successful career out of a special way ( show) to add salt to the meat. That works nicely in a show society looking for different and original treats. However the attitude of the character is more like a prima dona who is doing a favor to cut your meat, no smile no looking at you the person that is spending around 250 per person. The prices high but it is not the issue if the service and quality of the food justifies it but is not the case. Your starters arrive at the same time with the meat that stays on the table getting freezing cold and the fat solidifying until Salt Bae comes to cut it. The side orders arrive after you finish your meat. They care? No they dont, they are in a hype and taking advantage of the momentum where they are popular and people go to see and experience... my question is how many times will those disappointing customers come back? The quality of th emeat is good but not superb, just average. The only dessert Baklava is disappointing, it is an art to make a good baklava and they havent master it at all. Better baklava found in the bakeries in Istambul, Cairo or any other middle east country. Dont mind paying the prices, except when i have to eat cold and starters with the main course, the side dishes with the dessert.The sommelier instead of asking the taste of the person or personal preference of body of the wine, texture etc, goes directly to recommend you the most expensive bottle they have. Dont get me wrong we wanted a good wine to pair with our food but it happens that the most expensive one they have is not our preference, not based on price but on body.We were looking for a special place to invite our guest during Art BAsel.It wont be this place for sure.
Everyone eats food out.People can choose  different restaurant. İ prefer restaurant Nusret. Firts of all, Nusret is expensive. But so delicious. For example, hamburger, steak, lamb vs. Secondly, if people want to good restaurant they can prefer this restaurant. Nusret is good quality. They can find in bebek,nisantasi, levent. Thirdly, when people go to nusret  they can see good service. Employess is very kind. You can give tip box. To sum up, a good choice for people to this restaurant in many aspects . :) :)
Really tasty steak place in Istanbul. From the various meats to the baklava and ice cream dessert, everything was delicious. Can't wait to return.
When a Porterhouse steak doesn't have the T bone then maybe they should review their basics! But the place is overall good. Nothing to rave about but a good steak house ambiance with indoor and outdoor seating. Service is friendly but a bit rushed.
I'm not gonna say it's bad. Because the quality of the beef is excellent. But the flavor was lacking. I understand that when you have a good piece of meat, you never over season it, but I expected much more from Nusret. The lamb chops were nice but standard. Their salad was amazing (cranberry, walnut, pomegranate, etc). You can go to a cheaper restaurant and pay for the same quality and taste for a lower price. (Trust me, I did go to a restaurant in Bakirkoy by the beach to a steak house that met the same standard)
The food is amaaaaazing and so YUMY!,friendly waiters.. Atmosphere is very good too ,, but i would recommend you to make a reservation before going there , its always busy and crowded ., AND don't miss the baklava with the ice creme.
Just Delicious! I am not such a meat fan but after I have eaten the legendary Lokum, I think I can eat it almost every day!!
Every time we go we get amazing experience of delicious grills great food tasty salads and great views! Very professional people who know how to impress you by their skills in cooking! Prices are amazing.My favorite plate is the mixed grill which you will share with family and enjoy all types of  kebabs and Urfa and minded meat. Trying sitting upstairs as the view is breathtaking!That's the place to go to for a professionally delicious Turkish grills.Service is quick and great too.
Easily on of the best restaurants we have been to on the city. The views are spec, the service is great and the staff are attentive. I got the spicy kebab and the flavor did not disappoint. Great all around.
Delicious!  And prime location with a beautiful view.My husband has some work associates in Turkey so, while on honeymoon, we arranged to meet them here.  They made reservations in advance and we had a primo view of the water on the third floor.They ordered for us and we had bit of everything on the menu.  Plenty of mezzes and drinks and desserts.  Everything was absolutely delicious here and service was wonderful.  It tasted like it was made in grandma's kitchen with old-world recipes.  We loved everything and ate far too much.  Delicious baklava!Spotless restroom and plenty of seating inside.Note: If you don't make a reservation in advance, you can probably be seated inside, but will likely not end up with a beautiful window view.
We ate here during Ramadan for a traditional meal after the sun had set. It was interesting to feel the excitement of the other diners in anticipation of breaking their fast. There were other non-Muslims present but none ate or drank anything until the appointed time. Upon arrival our table was already full of plates of food, mostly appetizers and condiments. A heavy meal, typical for Ramadan.
I came here with my Turkish in-laws and had mixed feelings.   I love the ambiance and the view is incredible but some of the food wasn't up to what I would expect.We were seated on the 3rd or 4th floor (I'm not sure which) but there is a great view of the water so if you get a table near a window, you'll really enjoy it.We started with some mezzes and most of the cold items were fine.  It was the usual mix of bulgur, tomatoes, eggplant, etc.   It was okay but some of it, especially the bulgur, was kind of blank.   The bread and cheese were both very good.   The most disappointing was the lamachun.  I had friends from the United States with me and I'd been telling them how good lamachun is and then we were served a cold, soggy and limp version of it.  I was disappointed and they couldn't understand why I raved about it and I couldn't get them to try any more the rest of the time we were in Turkiye.   That kind of made me bummed out the rest of the meal.For my main dish, I had yogurlu kebap and it was good.  I ate it all but I was still disappointed by the lamachun.Service was fine, especially because my brother-in-law seemed to know some of the people who work there.     If you stay clear of the lamachun, you will have a decent meal here.
Service is great , you have to try Donner Kabab Here is the Original, but if you are late it goes fast get here before 2pm and try Doner KebobService is Excellent,
We came here based on a recommendation from our hotel and it didnt dissapoint! The hotel was also able to make us a reservation which was awesome since the place was busy. We sat on the second floor near the windows and got some awesome views of the city and water. We ordered a variety of different kabobs to share and our favorite hands down was the Pistaschio kabob which unexpectadely had a delicous buttery flavor. Highly recommend giving it a try! Also got the spicy kabobs and bell pepper kabobs that were yummy. For starters we tried the lentil soup and their pides (ground beef on bread) which were also so good. Lots of food overall that can be shared and the pricing is so reasonable and cheap compared to the other tourist trap places in the area.The restaurant is also conviently located a short walk from the Grand and Spice bazaars near the waterfront area and there is taxi drop off right infront of the road.
We frequent Istanbul from New York.  We have eaten in many restaurants, while food is almost always average but as a customer we are always respectedBut at Hamdi's food is average, does not live up to the hype.   Service could have been better our waiter's (FA) behavior was not professional, maybe he was having a bad day. Best part was the view from the 2nd floor of the restaurantOverall, we were disappointed!
This is the very best restaurant for casual dining in all of istanbul. I've been all over Istanbul and i keep coming back to this spot. The food is AUTHENTIC. The service is brisk. The hospitality is Ottoman. A feast will not set you back so when you get there order everything. You have to try the lahmajoun. Excellent. The quality of the meat is superb. The salads, the kebabs - magnificent. Don't spend too much time deciding which version of the kebabs to get - they're all good. You're not going to mess it up. I will definitely be visiting this place again.
Visited turkey for 2 weeks came toTry with my wife horrible customer service and food portions are funny very small the price is normal but rude and horrible customer service
Very delicious! They normally require reservations but they allowed us to eat a quick dinner and were very accommodating. They also spoke excellent English, which is very helpful if you speak little Turkish. Food was authentic Turkish food and staff was attentive and polite.
One of my favorite restaurants in Istanbul! A great way to end your grand bazaar and spice bazaar wanderings.... end a top Hamdi with views of the golden horn & mosques surrounding you. If you're looking for a window seat, be sure to call ahead and make a reservation, but seating anywhere inside this glass bubble is a magical way to take in the old city.A visit to Hamdi is not complete without their mixed meat sausage/kebab- 50%veal, 50% lamb--you'll be left wondering where this delicacy has been all your life. I also highly recommend ordering the lachmacan- a Turkish meat pizza. This was the staple of my childhood and left me full on nights home alone. Everything at Hamdi is top notch, though they have dessert, I recommend heading to a desert shop where you can try all the cream/milk based delicacies that Hamdi doesn't offer.
Hamdi restaurant is a very touristic place which doesn't seem to be authentic. It is made for tourists, so are the prices. The food was average (around 30 TRY per dish). The served bread wasn't fresh and the location itself isn't cozy and nice. The only thing we liked was their Turkish pizza (Lahmacun).I wouldn't recommend this place if you are looking for a authentic Turkish feeling!
We got a table around 7 pm on a Sunday, but we had no reservations so it was a table on the 4th floor in the back. Only one of us could kind of see the nice view.Very professional service.It was 101 TL for dinner for two, NOT including tip.Service was good, though for the price point not sure how worth it. See my photos for food review details. The lean lamb skewer was the best, really juicy and flavorful. We also got a pretty good walnut salad. I also got the algam suyu (fermented carrot-turnip juice), which tasted spicy, then bitter, then brine-y in my mouth. Not for me!
Great foodIt was raining heavy that afternoon, so we looked for some shelter after visiting the Spice Bazaar. This place looked good enough, so we went in.And what a lucky choice this was. Turned out to be one of the best place we've been in in Istanbul.They have a rooftop and also an upper floor - both with great views. But we decided to stay on the ground level. A bit more down to earth....filled with locals, which was nice.We ordered some beer, Içli Köfte and Lahmacun (kinda like pizza). The Icli Köfte was really good - nice seasoning and meat filling. But the "Pizza" was the highlight. Great seasoning and spices, good meat and herbs....crunchy crust. And the beer went perfectly with that.Service was friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed our meal here.....and prices are pretty low for this quality. Good and authentic food!
Hamdi is one of the more upscale restaurants in the Sultahnamet and definitely worth the little splurge if you can sit on outside on the roof deck. If not, things may be a bit smelly on the inside, just a warning. Deoderant isn't big in Turkey, just sayin'.What started off as a guy with s cart selling kebab turned into said biz owner owning pretty much the whole street. He must be doing something right? We snagged a 2 top outside on the roof, as we were in between reservation times, perfect. We went with a Turkish pitza topped with walnuts, garlic and pomegranate and a doner and a spicy kebab. We enjoyed everything, but the doner.The pitza was interesting, more like a super thin pizza, no cheese. A great starter to try a Turkish dish. The spicy kebab was perfectly seasoned with definitely some kick and the doner was average. Not a lot of meat, subpar fries. This all, plus a coke, water and turkish tea came out to about $40 US which isn't horrible, but street meat in Turkey costs about $2 US. However, views of the mosque and the Golden Horn, wonderful service and a nice relaxing meal as you get out of the spice market is worth every penny.One of the more touristy spots, we did see a bunch of businessmen lunching as well as fellow Turks, so it's legit. Give Hamdi a call, but definitely make a rezzie for that outdoor roof top, weather permitting.P.S. Everyone and their mother smokes in Turkey, so if cigarettes do bother you, you may want to refrain from sitting outside.
Came her for the first time on my visit to Istanbul, Turkey. I'm a huge foodie and wanted to try the much talked about Hamdi Restaurant. Its a beautiful restaurant and when you walk in it smells delicious. I ordered the lamb kebob but I was kind of disappointed in the amount of pieces of lamb kebab that I received on my plate. The lamb was absolutely perfect but the picture showed more than 10 or 11 pieces and on my plate there was only 8 pieces. That is the main reason why they are not getting full stars.If you come here just make sure you confirm how many pieces of your meat cubes that you will be receiving. Coming from the US the prices were fairly cheap.I also recommend trying the hamdi special dessert, that was incredible. Only wish I could have took some back to the states.
Stopped in for a quick bite while doing the Bosphorous ferries. This place was nice, service was good, and the food was good. Great view of the water, boats, bridges, and it was clean.If you would like a window seat, I recommend calling ahead to ask for a reservation; we were lucky and were seated near the window. Even on a grey and cloudy day, the view was beautiful!
Great location, right next to Bosphorus strait. The sitting time is a little long. Good food and great desserts.
I ordered the Kebap with pistachio and was good. Hot and delicious. However, it was a ripoff.. Look at the picture and you'll see that you order a certain portion size but you get 50% of what you see in the picture... I didn't like that..I did complain to the waiter but he did nothing..So their motto should be: come hungry .. Leave hungry ... Looool
Not up to standard and it's true bad attitude of staffThis time onlyFood is average nothing special and few selections
I recommend the restaurant. On the other hand if you are looking for special taste this is not. Service is good, presentation is good but I could not find the essense of authenticity. It seemed to me more touristic.Anyway if you are in Eminönü, it is one of best choices.
Absolutely delicious! This place is famous for the desserts. I tried the Kunefe and it was hands down the best Kunefe I've ever had! We also got the Turkish Pide, yogurt dish, eggplant dish, meatballs and a few other dishes that I'm forgetting. All around it was a great experience with great food and great views!
Convenient and near to big bus and other central transportation....The best thing about this place was the baklava. In fact, that gets it an extra star by itself.We ordered the walnut one and it was amazing.We ordered the turkish pizza because everyone on Yelp was ordering it but honestly it didn't taste bad but it was no better than the supreme Celeste frozen pizzas growing up. I'm assuming it wasn't fresh made either bc it didn't taste that way, and it came out in literally 2 min. It just wasn't that good.I was also disappointed by the hummus. In the pictures it came with veggies but it just came out with an orange oil in it and bread. It was not good. Order something else.Lastly, the cappuccino was coffee with some milk poured in it. It wasn't a cappuccino, at all. Tasted ok, but not at all one. I wouldn't order they again either.I wouldn't eat here again, but I'd definitely pack up a huge box of the baklava to take home!
We were thrown out after being seated when the manager noticed our little dog and promptly ordered several waiters to escort us out claiming no dogs are allowed. We were welcomed by the staff and seated as everyone could see our dog on leash and there were no signs stating no dogs allowed. They were rude and unprofessional. Urge all pet owners to forget patronizing this tourist trap.
It's a family style restaurant next to a bazaar. It's near the Eminonu station/ferry if you take T1. A good place for a short stop while waiting for the cruise tour.
Excellent dinner spot with great views!  The staff is nice enough but not as attentive as I would have liked.  It took a while to just order our bottle of wine, asked for wine menu like 4 times.  But the bread was nice and the food came out quickly. We shared the pizza for our appetizer and I got the pistachio meat dish which was delicious! Wine was good and prices were reasonable. Overall a very nice dining experience.
Excellent harbor view, pita bread is very tasty.  Chicken shish kebab taste excellent!
Didn't like it at all, we waited a lot until get served , and also the wasn't good at all, many people like this place but doesn't mean it's a good restaurant so many people also doesn't like the place because of many things! Very expensive for what they give you and very slow service!
Love this place.A haven of quiet and class amid the sea of people i=in the nearby market.Great food.
Truly the best kabob in the entire world. I challenge u to find a better onePistachio kabob will change your lifeMake sure to get that with their other most popular kabob together is amazingI can't remember the name ask them they knowAnd the dessert which is a traditional crispy sweet with cheese in the middle is out of this world.   It's called KunefeYou'll crave it for the rest of your life.Phenomenal service I love them
Best meal I had in Istanbul; I had the kebab roasted inside eggplant....Very very good! The appetizers were delicious...Your choice from a large tray they bring to your table....Service was great....Call ahead and make reservations and ask for the 3rd floor table looking out over the Bosphorus. This place is busy during tourist season.
This place is great and I was able to try many more types of kebabs.  I love the pistachio encrusted kebab the most, I'm dreaming of it now!  It is quite pricey compared to anywhere else we've been in Istanbul, and also make sure to call in advance for a reservation, obviously you should during Ramadan, when we were there.
Saw the sun set over the Bosporus while enjoying delicious tea and Iskender. Amazing experience. Great service and great location. Can get busy- I would suggest getting there early for dinner
For two of our days in Istanbul, we had a tour guide (who was fabulous and whose family goes back for generations in Istanbul) who took us to Hamdi for our first lunch together. It was the perfect location for seeing the beautiful Bosphorus, looking over at Beyoğlu, and for checking out the Spice Market (right next door) before or after lunch.Unfortunately, the 3rd floor patio was completely full, so we sat on the 2nd floor. This wasn't really a problem though -- the views were still stunning from the 2nd floor especially with a window seat. We enjoyed both boat and people watching from our seats while diving into an array of food. (note that they bring out a large tray of cold mezze in the beginning from which you can choose some of the items or not -- just be clear to the waiters whether you would like anything or not). Our tour guide picked out her favorites hot mezzes for us to all enjoy -- içli köfte (an appetizer of ground meat, bulgur, and onions minced together and fried into oblong shaped balls) and lahmacun (like a Turkish flatbread pizza -- delicious). We ordered a few kebabs to share. My favorite was the kebab (lamb/veal) with pistachios. It was quite juicy and succulent.By the end of our feast, we were very full. But still could not resist a little taste of sweetness so ordered two baklava to share among the five of us. We ordered one "regular" baklava and one pistachio baklava. I had never had pistachio baklava, but it was delicious and definitely my favorite. It was perfect with a cup of Turkish coffee. Hamdi also sells its baklava to go in its first floor lobby.After paying the bill, we went up to the third floor to further admire the view and take a few photos. When you call to make a reservation (and definitely make a reservation!), be sure to tell them if you want a 3rd floor terrace table or a 2nd floor table etc.We enjoyed our meal -- especially with the views and convenient location -- and would recommend Hamdi to others!
After freezing until my lips were blue on a Bosphorus cruise, I needed a pick-me-up. (silly me, I had forgotten to bring rainwear, so I was miserable and wet in the cold. Note to travelers: December in Istanbul is VERY rainy, and chilly evening temperatures combined with the dampness means that proper rain gear is necessary!)Hamdi did not disappoint. At first glance, it seemed like it would be a touristy place, but there was a healthy mix of tourists and locals in the restaurant. When I was there, a large Turkish party was even holding a celebratory dinner a few tables away. The menu has an extensive selection of kebabs and is very reasonably priced.I was able to get seating on the terrace floor (without reservations!) for a fantastic view of the Bosphorus and Golden Horn at night. The food is fresh and the service is phenomenal (waiters kept refilling our glasses from bottles resting in iced compartments next to our tables).Don't miss the baklava for dessert.
Honestly good kebabs. The taste of the kebab with pistachios is incredible. The appearance of the place could use some upgrading, but fantastic price to quality ratio.
This was my third visit to Hamdi, and I was hesitating to go there since my second time wasn't impressive at all. I went there at early evening with my mother, and when we went up to the second floor, the waiter (with the suite) received us with unwelcoming look, like "what do you want?" instead of finding us a table for two. it was crowded somehow except three or four tables. My mother asked him (in Turkish) what's in the upper floor and he rolled his eyes in a very impolite way saying "It's full".Honestly, if wasn't for my mother, I would have left the place immediately.Nevertheless, we ordered and the food wasn't as good as it used to be.The Eskandar is horrible. The desert was a big failure.. the Kenafe was old and barely can be eaten.That was my third and last time to come close by this over-rated restaurant, and I would never recommend it to any one at all, not even my enemies.
We came here for a late afternoon lunch after the 90 minute Bosphorus cruise. We were hot and starving and definitely did not want to be slogging through town to find something to eat. Thankfully Yelp! came to the rescue.I typically steer clear of places located in such close proximity to super touristy spots (Ferry docks, spice market), but we decided to trust the Yelp reviews and I'm so glad we did. It turns out we later saw this restaurant in one of our tour books as well.We were lucky enough to sit on the top floor patio and enjoy phenomenal views. I took a great panoramic shot of the Karakoy, Kadakoy areas with the water.This is a white tablecloth restaurant with excellent service. One of the fancier places we saw on the trip. I get the sense that even (well to do) Turks eat here, that made me feel better.I was super bummed that they don't serve the iskender kebop after 3pm, so I followed the servers recommendation for another kebop. I think it was maybe lamb and veal? anyway, the food was excellent. Their bread was some of the best we enjoyed on the trip. If you have a pickier eater in the bunch, they also have several chicken dishes.I thought prices were fairly reasonable given the location and atmosphere. It won't be a cheap meal by Turkish standards but it felt like a steal by American standards.
Went a little to late but the view is nice not fancy at all. Appetizers were delicious and unfortunately to late to try the kunefe as it was sold out.
Beautiful restaurant with an absolutely stunning view of Istanbul! Whenever we travel from Canada to Turkey we always make sure to visit this restaurant! The food is absolutely fresh, delicious and warm while the view and service are more than impressive. Definitely a place to eat if you want to relax and watch the busy streets of Istanbul from a stunning bird's eye view! Love!
This restaurant has gorgeous views of the bosphorus and city and decent service. However, really it boils down to just being an overpriced kabob restaurant.The kabobs aren't bad, but you can get something as good for half the price. But then you'd give up the convenience, the view, and the enjoyment of being a tourist in a tourist city. Going here once was more than enough.
We got the recommendation from our airbnb host that we HAD to come here during our short stay in Istanbul. We got here right when they openned and had our pick of seats. We chose a table on the balcony on the top floor, with an amazing 180deg view of the waterfront. We tried some lahmacun, which even for a small is a huge flatbread of goodness. Then we both got some kebabs (they have hash), some Turkish coffee (meh), and baklava. SO many different kinds of baklava. They're quite accustomed to tourists, but they still keep it real.
Fantastic does not begin to describe the overwhelming feeling of satisfaction from experiencing what is the Hamdi Restaurant. If you or anyone you know will be in Istanbul, they must come here. The Terrace floor is stunning rivaled only by the food.My strong recommendation would be to make reservations well in advance and ask to be by the window. There you will capture the best views while you feast on one of if not the best meals prepared in the European and Asian continents.The service is excellent the food is outstanding and the views are exceptional.I think the location in Yelp is off so just trust your taxi driver or your indicts if you drive to the old city and you see the restaurant, that's it.  Thanks Hamdi! May you prosper and grow beyond your capacity.
Too busy and no one responses to our requests. Totally ignored. Has never been treated like that in turkey.
Views: 5 starsFood: 3 starsService: 2 starsOverall: 3 stars (not good value for money)We had high expectations from Hamdi based on the numerous glowing reviews on various online platforms. The fact that their terrace offers spectacular views of Galata bridge where the golden horn meets the Bosphorus is indeed true. But food and service did not match said views, sadly.During Ramazan, they are doing iftar on the terrace instead of standard dinner, so we made a reservation for the fixed price, set menu iftar, excited to share this special experience with locals. Except for the view from the terrace at sunset, unfortunately our experience  left a lot to be desired, especially given the 95 TL (approx. 30 USD) price pp. The mezzes were not well seasoned.  Dessert did not even include the Ramazan special, Güllaç. None of the fruit was edible. Baklava tasted less than fresh. But the biggest blow was that when it came to kebaps - their apparent specialty - each diner received eight 1 inch cubes (assorted kinds). Really? For 30 USD pp? A single 7 TL durum has more meat than that! So during Ramazan, unfortunately we cannot recommend the terrace dinner at Hamdi. Not in Istanbul where good food is everywhere. We also felt that service blatantly favored native diners over visitors. For several of the courses, our table was served after all of the locals' tables even though we were in the middle of the room. Very strange.
Must try when in Istanbul. Located in the roof top of the Radisson hotel. Breathtaking views and great authentic Turkish food. Could not agree with the waiter though on whether the origin of lavash bread was Turkish or Armenian they also offered very good Home made bread.
I really liked this place. The pistachio kebab was excellent! The service was very attentive but not stifling. Great view out over the waterfront.
The best meal we had in Istanbul. This place came recommended by two different people as an Istanbul standard for kebabs.We shared three appetizers. They will bring a platter full of apps for you to select from. We shared a kebab plate. Lamb with pistachio. Moist and wonderfully tender. Pistachios gave it that extra crunch.Try to get an outside table on the terrace for best views at dinner. Can see the Bosporus from up there!
Great service and a very quiet considering its a street away from the grand bazaar madness.
1 star for the view, and 1 star for the cog kofte (raw kibbe for those who know the middle eastern name.) we went there at 8 on a Wednesday evening. The waiter poured a little less than a half glass of water for each of us (so like 2 sips?) and we ordered the normal lahmacun and cig kofte and were planning on ordering kebabs, but the servixe was terrible so we left after paying. The cog kofte was old and dry and had an overpowering taste of garlic. The lahmacun had lamb meat (I believe) but there really wasn't much flavor to it at all. We asked the water for olive oil and waree refills and 15 minutes later when we still had empty glasses and no oil, we asked for the check. Wouldn't recommend.
Amazing views from the terrace of the Bosphorus, delicious authentic Turkish fare.
I g ive 2 Stars based on food and price, I ordered 6 lamb pieces with raw turnip . parselysprigs, 3 Spoonful of COUCUS. 1 grilled small pepper , 3 spoonful of salad , 2 hand palm sized pieces of bread. It was 32. They brought me one small piece of bread and few pieces of black olives and few pieces of chopped peppers without asking if I wanted any, so I assumed it was free.  They werent... so I ended up with bill of 43...... I am not going to talk about the views. I regret going to this place... I would get some local street food and enjoy the view. Do not go there unless you do have a tree that grows money....  so I walked down the street, getting chicken sharwerma because I was still hungry.. yes, it was that bad.... do not go there.....
this place was my favorite for Kebabs in Turkey, the Pistachio and Yogurt were specially good. The selection of side dishes and dips were amazing, try as many as your stomach allows you too. also the people and ambience is great.
Right past the busy spice market, what a convenient location for one of the most known restaurants in town (at least around tourists). So off we go. We had our hotel call in to make reservations and quickly found out that this place is in deed very popular. Instead of getting a table on that terrace as we hoped, we had to settle for a table on the first floor, as far away from the window as possible. So no view for us.The waiters came promptly and served us water and after a short while presented us with their selection of mezze. We chose the humus and the spicy tomato paste, which had nuts (or something with "bite" in it) - very tasty! The size of our side dishes was no the largest we have had in Istanbul, but was ok for being sides/starters.On the downside, we only got 2 pieces of bread with our sides so we had to order more bread midway through our meal. Much to our surprise, the second order of bread arrived at our table simultaneously with our main courses, kebab with tomato and yogurt sauce and lamb kebabs with bulgur. The lamb was absolutely fantastic, with nice charred flavors and perfect seasoning. The meat was super tender as well. Only downside (if any) was the portion-size. Maybe 8 chunks of lamb may not be enough for you if you are a good eater. The kebab with tomato/yogurt sauce tasted flavorful as well, although the lamb kebab was definitely the winner here.All in all we were finished with our meal in under 45 mins - unusual for Turkey (at least for my standards) and the dinner felt a bit rushed. The noise level was also higher than in the other restaurants where we had dined before. A 6 Lyra pP charge on our check was explained after we asked. We payed with credit card and left a small cash tip.The food did not break the bank and was of good quality. I would therefore suggest Hamdi - but make reservations early enough so you get to sit on the terrace. This should definitely provide a nicer atmosphere than the crowded, noisy first floor.
I got everything with pistachio that they serve and it was all very good -- especially the baklava! Attentive service.
My mouth is still watering thinking about the food at this restaurant. The kabob was the best I have ever had. The service was very attentive and the restaurant was very well staffed. The restaurant is on the third floor of a building near the spice market. We were able to snag a spot on the small balcony and the views were incredible. The balcony has the best view, although it seemed that most of the indoor tables had good views too. You can eat and watch the ferries on the Golden Horn and the tourists walking across the Galata bridge and in the plaza near the spice market. I imagine it would be a wonderful place to eat lunch or dinner.
Ate here twice in 2009 and  - on long, dark nights - still crave the kebabs.  Very special view and ambiance.  Dark, rich coffee that warms the soul.  Looks like it could be a touristy place, but lots of locals eat there as well.
A great way to interact with local food and mezzes. Plenty of dishes come to the table and a wide variety of flavors. Very interesting to engage with local food.  Tastes are great and quality as well, but excitement is not from the place`s chef or kitchen, it is really about the variety and local tradition and foods.
A spectacular panoramic view overlooking the Golden Horn and Galata Tower at the historical peninsula, with a lot of tasty kebab specialties in a well-reputed tourist-friendly place. With a wide range of assorted delicious kebab specialities, you'll experience the best grilled Kebabs in town!
We were there for lunch about two weeks ago with a group of about 20.  They knew we were coming.  great but very busy location.  View was great as noted.  Food was just OK.  Service was also just OK, but seemed to be just going through the motions.  Can't speak to cost since I didn't have to pay.  Worth going to once.
We stopped here for the kebabs and were very glad we did.  We wanted to sit on the roof deck but apparently you must make a reservation so we settled for the 2nd floor which has big views also, just not the dining al fresco like upstairs.  The food was delicious and the service was perfect.  There was a mix of locals and tourists as this place is right near the spice market and across the street from the Bosphorous tours.
It s around the corner from the spice bazar which but you kind of have to know where it is to find it. We found it in a lonely planet guide, went right up to the roof terrace (dont settle for anything less!). The view is stunning, a nice fresh wind blows and the food is real nice, mostly kebap (grilled meat on a stick), prices are around 20 TL for a meal so definately more than average elsewhere but perfectly normal for touristic places. Service was nice, place clean  cant complain :)
The location and the view is a great selling point. But ultimately the food and service here is what made this place so special. Highly recommended.
The kebabs are delicious and the view is great. Prices are reasonable. Service is attentive but there are some issues. The waiter accidentally dumped some grease from the bottom of the plate all over my shoulder and my leg while serving. I wasn't all that upset with that, but then without asking he came over and sprayed stain remover all over my shoulder, while I was eating my Kabab, like 8 inches from my mouth. It soaked all the way through to my skin and started burning, so I took the shirt off. They were noxious chemical fumes, it basically smelled like a solvent or something. All that made it somewhat difficult to enjoy the kebab. Then at the end not only did they charge me the full price for the meal, but a different waiter actually yelled at me for not tipping. Apparently since we got coffee and baklava, that obligated tip even though they ruined a shirt that cost more than the actual meal.
Perfect setting, rooftop with incredible view.  Loved everything.  Favorite restaurant during our stay.
Excellent choice for both a casual dinner with friends or a more formal one. The food is really good. We got a cold eggplant plate with some kind of white sauce that was fantastic! In addition to that we order the mandatory "kebap" with pistachio. Another excellent choice. For dessert we got the traditional Tavuk Göğsü... although some turks said us it is a must in this place, we found it just ok. The views to the city are stunning. Having said that, BEWARE of a few things: the wine is crazy expensive (I mean, in comparison to restaurants in other countries... I don't know the average price of a glass of wine in Turkey). There is a guy offering "mirrah coffee" for free: it is disgusting and it is NOT FREE... he asks for a substantial tip. The waiters are rude (another thing I think is customary in Turkish sophisticated restaurants). The place is great, the food is really good, but, as I said, there are a few cons. Prices are reasonable (not cheap, but not expensive) for western standards.
The view was fantastic, the service was on par, and the hummus, chicken kebab, walnut baklava, and pistachio baklava (yes, we got two kinds of baklava) hit the spot. We were surrounded by tourists (by Russian, South Asian, East Asian, Greek folks), but it's not a conventional tourist trap. The food was actually good. The only reason I opted for four, instead of five, stars is because I thought it was a bit pricey. I think they build the amazing view into their prices. We went here for dinner, so we had a lit up view of the Istanbul skyline and Bosporus river. Admittedly, it was a beautiful backdrop to enjoy a meal!
My wife and I booked a view table for 7 pm. We were seated and ordered. The first appetizer which was a small pizza came stone cold. The waiters reaction was to simply heat it up. We declined. The main course was a pistachio kebab which was the favourite we were told by the waiter. It eventually came  .The meat was sort of warm and the rice was stone cold. We sent it back. It reappeared a bit warmer and the meat ,well,not so much. Waiter tried to charge us for the cold pizza. We were very dissatisfied and would recommend it as a place to avoid. If you want the view at night just whip in with your camera If you want good food. Try the little restaurants on the way up to the Blue Mosque
so so in love with this place. the food bound amazing.  my favorite dolma in turkey.  not forget to sake for a table with view.  The staff are very friendly and cooperative.  I spent 10 days in turkey and i want to this restaurant twice. they have other location in sisli that are more of fine dining restaurant ( i loved it but the food here are butter).
This restaurant came up as a must do on someone's "too see" restaurants in Istanbul although only better than OK reviews on Yelp. Wasn't 100% sure what I was going to get.Firstly,  the bad reviews about the bad service, we did not experience but I could see it happening based on language barrier and/or their busy-ness (when it got busy the service noticeably slowed).Secondly, the bad review about the crappy cocktails, based on my crappy cocktail I'd have to say that was spot on.After the bad cocktail review I ended up thinking that the reviews regarding cost, so so food and spectacular views was what I was going to get.I can happily say we found the food to be excellent. I would definitely recommend  the zucchini flower and the Miso salmon, both were very good. The table had the mushroom Rigatoni, three types of Sushi, the rack of lamb and the risotto and all came back as very good.My one complaint other than the cocktails was the calamari portion was extremely small. Aside from that small complaint I found the food to be as expected for this style of restaurant.Everyone must keep in mind that you are without question paying for the view and it is very trendy which leads to the expensive label that it has been saddled with. The views are amazing by the way.I'm not sure if this is a regular thing but there was live entertainment throughout the night which really made the evening that much more enjoyable.I would definitely come back but I do realize that there are cheaper options that aren't as trendy with the exact same views.
What amazing view and beauty setupIt's in Taksim area 8th floorWe chose the dinner time round 7 pm to have chance to see Istanbul on sunset and night time . It look like diamonds  shine and light reflex through the clear dark sky with full moonThe drinks was good and the hot and cold Maza ( appetizers ) delightful tastyAlways want to try stuffed zucchinis flowers  was delicious glad I ordered itAnd my main course was salmon fish with asparagus was bomb delicious
An incredible view, but no character, way overpriced cocktails. Wine would have been a safer choice.
It's really just an empty club. The worst food and service. Too long for food or even drinks to come out. If you want to sit at a table to eat, you also get charged for sitting at the table. The view is the only pro, but honestly, just go to some other place for the view as well. This is a place for people who want to pay overpriced food and drinks and act like they above status.
My salmon was delicious, the view was pretty and the entertainment (a violist) was on point! The service on the other hand was not. Waiter rushed us the whole evening. I'd say try it, perhaps you'll have a different waiter :)
Had a fantastic dinner on the rooftop. The food and service were excellent!  The view overlooking the old city was not to be missed!
Don't ever go to this place , I was told that I cannot get let in because I wasn't dressed as nice . I am totally frustrated and I never want anyone to go through this . We were going to spend a lot also. We were looked at as peasants . Fuck this place , don't ever go . 0 STARS 0 STARS ,
The cocktail drinks do not have any alcohol in them. The waiters don't really come around to tables to check in. And you have to wait 20+ mins to get check. BIG PASS
Had a pretty horrible experience here.  I walked in and there was no host.  I stood around for a couple minutes before finding a waiter to help me get a table.  I sat at the first table and after about 15 mins someone finally came by - I asked for a drink menu and he said oh come with me (cause I was seated with the diners).  Fine I moved to the drinks area and then still no one came by for 10 mins.  Under normal circumstances I would have left but I was out of cash and was parched and needed a drink ASAP so had no choice but to go to a "fancy" place that would accept credit card.  Finally I went to the bartender to order and they were out of most of the soft drinks that were listed on the menu.  I ordered a lemonade with mint and got an orange juice.  Didn't bother to complain cause by now I was dying of thirst.  The view is nice.  The service is the worst.
You read a lot about this place on TA and such. I normally tend to be very objective in my reviews. But..Waiter was great. Service quick and food came quickly. I had the cherry duck. Great meat. Tender++ Dessert was also ok. Too sweet but fun. Wine was good too. I was surprised by the low prices since everyone keeps complaining about em.Downfall was the bartenders. After 12 no special drinks. Had to make do with an awful margarita. Had to make them re-make it. They just looked at me as if I was stupid and just added more lime. This was the expensive part btw. 35 lira for one shitty drink and the hell of a rude bartender. He should get a new job.But thumbs up for well made food and ok wine plus price for food and wine. Plus our waiter!
For all the hype that 360 has garnered on various blogs and tour guides (given that Yelp wasn't available at the time I visited Istanbul), I was wholly underwhelmed by the experience. It's one of those situations where nothing is explicitly -bad-, but when you walk away thinking to yourself, "Gee, that was acceptable," after the price tag you're left with, offering up more than three stars is a struggle.Our hotel front desk was nice enough (and fluent enough in both English and Turkish) to help us make (and change... more than once) our booking at 360. Good thing, too - this place apparently gets crazy busy on weekends. Even massive religious holiday weekends.Though there were still a good number of open seats when we arrived, the hostess directed us to the bar, undoubtedly to encourage us to order up one of the various un-titillating primarily vodka-based concoctions. Instead, we ended up waiting for our proper seat - which was about as far away from the windows and their impressive views as possible - and ordered up two bottles of water and a bottle of local wine. Our server was clearly unimpressed by our selection; wonder if it had anything to do with the cost being half that of most other wine selections on the menu...We made up for skimping on iffy booze by ordering half the menu, though: stuffed squid, duck spring rolls, roasted aubergine, and a shrimp souffle graced our table to start. Of the lot, I distinctly recall thinking that if not for the fact that I could see the duck meat in the spring rolls, I wouldn't have known there was any - they tasted like any spring rolls you can find in the frozen section of the grocery store. The stuffed squid, however, was quite enjoyable and had that great tender, chewy texture that so many dining establishments fail at.For mains, I recommend the short rib of beef for its potent savory flavors. You'll need a lot of water to bring your blood pressure back down after consuming so much sodium, though. The slow roast cherry duck was a bit on the tough end for my enjoyment.The best part of the evening was definitely the unexpected Lady Gaga-esque artistic/risque/not-quite-x-rated act featuring a quite talented singer wearing a see-through top and fake-dying on the floor. She was absolutely captivating and even invited herself to sit down at our table and serenade me whilst I was stuffing my face with food. Later on, as we were leaving, a troupe of burlesque(?) dancers also took the floor, but we didn't stick around long enough to see the full set.All told, we ended up spending around TRY 350 between the two of us and I would have preferred to stuff my face with the endless options and simple, satisfying fare from Çiya Sofrasi three times over for the same price. Even the extra free titty show isn't compelling enough to put 360 ahead in the cost-benefit equation.
How will I start... the service was the worst I have ever experienced in my whole life. The food? Overpriced for no reason because it wasn't that good. But the worst is getting yelled at by the server when we told him that we had been waiting for food for 1h...STAY AWAY FROM THAT PLACE!!!!
On our last night in Istanbul, my friend and I decided to check out this restaurant/club.  We did not have food here, we arrived at around 1130 for the club portion.  We ordered bottle service that included a fifth of absolute vodka with mixers (juice and soda) for 600 Lira, which is around $300.We were told we were going to have a sit down table.  When we walked in, there were empty tables all over, but the server gave us a small round bar type table in the corner that was stand only.  When we stated we were promised a sit down table, he told us that all were reserved and that if we didn't like it we could leave.  As the night progressed, I noticed many tables that remained empty, and when I asked to move in the middle of the night, I was again denied with attitude.You pay first at this club, so you can imagine the service is horrendous b/c the money has already been spent.  We ran out of ice, mixers and our glasses kept disappearing while we were dancing, even though they were half full.  Not only was it a problem b/c our drinks were missing, but also we couldn't pour more drinks until we could track down the waiter and get more glasses.I would have given this club only 1 star, but the music was good and the outdoor views were nice, so I added an extra start for that, and that alone.  The problem with the nightlife in turkey is that they treat foreigners very badly, especially at the higher end places.  They act like they are doing you a favor by letting you in their establishment, while you spend your hard earned money.
Wow, gorgeous views from this rooftop restaurant. The food was excellent. A very modern take on East Asian and other types of cuisine. Clientele tended to consist of upscale locals and some wealthy-looking expatriates or businesspeople hosting dinners for clients. While the view is lovely, the place is expensive and the service is okay, overall.This place is a little hard to find. The building is just an old commercial building (looks somewhat like an apartment building in my opinion) on the main nightlife street and is somewhat non-descript. There's just a "360" sign at the top of a list of businesses that's on a sign on the outside that's not that large. I think this is why there aren't as many random tourists here.Tip: Just go and have a drink in the outdoor balcony area if you don't want to pay for an expensive dinner, and enjoy the views. It's worth it just for that.
Came here for lunch after a long hot morning touring Topkapi Palace.  It was a lovely respite from the heat with amazing views!  It wasn't crowded at lunch so we were treated like royalty.  I really needed it since I was cranky from the heat.The food was impeccable and service was a match.  I know it is a little on pricey side for lunch but well worth it!  A bit hard to find but don't miss it!
I am not sure what the hype about this place is. Views are great, but apart from that I was not impressed. Overpriced drinks, so-so crowd, service left much to desire, and  the music they were playing was old/random.If you are looking for a rooftop bar and views, this place is probably better in spring/summer, I was there Jan 1 and it was too cold to enjoy the outside area.
I had a pretty lousy experience here, but it's mostly me being an idiot and coming here alone for dinner while on a business trip.  Don't come here alone for dinner on a business trip.  Mostly because everyone around you seems like they're having tons of fun spending copious amounts of Lira on food and drinks, while you're staring at your plate spending copious amounts of Lira on food and drinks.The views are awesome, the people are beautiful, but you're better off finding somewhere quieter to eat if you're traveling solo.  That being said, if you're looking for a posh night on (above) the town for drinks, check this place out.Food: 4/5Value: 3/5Service: 3/5Atmosphere: 5/5
Well, a nice spot when in Istanbul especially for visitors. The food we had more than average depending on your choices. Deserts were attractive and different. There was a show as well.
Good food, well intentioned but slow and - at times - clumsy service. The view should be nice but left this reviewer wanting...
Overrated, way overpriced. Horrendous service. Only plus was the view. Would not come back.
I was expecting so much more and I am very disappointed after our dinner here. It was my daughters birthday and every place I have been to thus far I've had amazing experience as Turkish people have been so welcoming and helpful. The server was more attentive to another dissapointed table while serving us. it was clear that the server could not handle multiple tasks. My son asked the server for a fork 3 times and the server didn't bring a fork so my son had to get up and get it himself. While ordering, our server forgot the order so many times that he walked back to our table to ask what we wanted. The manager/owner of the establishment did not care for the problems that the server was causing us. For $500+ American dollars I expected a much better experience than the one we received. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Amazing host and service I really recommended this place! It also has a nice view... for sure will come again ;)
A popular and trendy restaurant with great views of the city, good food, good shows. The major problem is that it's very expensive compared to what you get. It's OK to spend that money for one night, but not regularly.They have two shifts for the dinner: between 20:00-22:00 and between 22:00-24:00. If you're on the first shift you should finish your meal & pay the bill until 22:00 because there will be next customers waiting to get your table. After midnight it becomes a club & disco with bar services, good music. You'll see lots of nice people, both locals and foreigners.
Amazing view, excellent food, service that goes out of its way.Sadly I could not come for dinner to this stunning place, but everything from food, to service, friendlyness was top. The food had a creative twist, an international touch and a lot of work had been put into its presentation. The prices are absolutely justified and some portions like the cheese platter surprised us in size as it was so big and the selection was extraordinary.I can fully recommend this place! Thanks for making this such a wonderful lunch
one of the few places in this city I felt any attitude.  Yes, you have an awesome view and are a styling place, but the staff and clientele were just a tad too full of themselves , which especially stuck out in this city where that was universally absent elsewhere.in a city full of rooftop bars, come here only if you like looking up noses while sipping a boring, expensive cocktail
The view here is awesome, but everything was expectedly over priced. We shared one appetizer, which was okay and a drink each. My cocktail which was pretty tasty and my husband had a beer. Drinks are about 35 lira each. Beware of the small bar snacks they bring you. You will be charged for these.I'd recommend coming here for a drink or two and a view before heading somewhere else to eat a full meal. Arrive early for outdoor seating.
A complete 180 for 360 Istiklal! - New menu - Exciting Flavours !I'd heard mixed reviews about the food at 360 Istanbul, so I decided to see or taste it for myself.Saturday night,usually the busiest night for a restaurant but I figured if they were any good then this would be a time to shine.Overall I was very pleasantly surprised, but let me give you a breakdown of the evening.We arrived at 9.30 and were first met by a couple of stony-faced security guards, my guest had her handbag searched as I was patted down. This was a first for me, entering a restaurant, but hey ho, no biggie  We were then immediately met by the host who warmly welcomed us and told us that due to some unexpected windy weather, our table would be ready soon and invited us to have a cocktail at the bar. I'm not a huge cocktail drinker but I took a look at the slightly overwhelming cocktail list, well it was more like a book and ordered a couple of drinks. which arrived in a very timely fashion. It wasn't long before we were seated, at I must admit was probably the best table in the house. (I wonder if they knew I was coming) 360, as the name suggests is in fact located on top of one of the oldest buildings on Istiklal and boasts magnificent views.Seated, we were handed our menus, three in fact! The regular, the sushi and the wine menu. I certainly wasn't expecting a sushi menu too, and to be honest, the place didn't look like sushi was its speciality, so I quickly discarded it. I'm not a huge fan of a place that does more than one cuisine. My guests is a vegetarian, so when the waiter came over, I asked him to do the honours and recommend some dishes for us. I like to put the waiters on the spot, see if they really know what they are selling and to my surprise, this guy (Ozgur) was spot on. It's not often you go to a restaurant in Turkey and find that the waiter actually knows what products the establishment is selling. You usually just get... 'so and so sells a lot or , no idea I just work here 'As we got our server to order for us, I am now going to struggle with the names of what we actually ate .Starters - We had three, lol, I'm sure you are thinking greedy B**s! But I really wanted to put these guys to the test. The first one was a Turkish take on Steak tartar wrapped in cracked wheat and stuffed with bean sprouts. Visually looked good and actually tasted good too. They were cylindrically shaped and served with a sweet, tangy dip.  Artichokes with dill in a sweet, tangy and fresh marinade. I must admit, this was the least attractive dish to look at, I mean, how sexy can you make artichokes look  Saying that... it was my favourite. Our last cold starter... (I know, I know.. we had hot starters too  ) were spicy red lentil dumplings shaped like large water drops and served with, wait for it, as I was shocked, thousand island dressing... lol.. not very creative but they tasted goodOur hot starter was Salt and Pepper Calamari wow wow wow. I was hoping they would bring over an order of this.. calamari was so fresh, it just melted in our mouths. Perhaps it's just that I'm a smoker, that I needed to add more salt, but apart from that, they were fantastic, the dip it came with reminded me of the sweet and sour sauce you get when you order Chinese back in the UKWe took a stroll on the huge balcony, hoping to make room for our main course and of course desert .The music had turned from a DJ to a live performance of what I can only describe as a type of one man cabaret. There was an old looking guy on the stage who sounded like those old blues players that you'd imagine playing in New Orleans. He sang a couple of tunes and then ripped of his mask to reveal an Adonis of a man in his late 20s. Needless to say, the crowd got very excited! Settling back down for our main course to arrive, we enjoyed the rest of the show. Anyway, back to the food  My guest got a crispy aubergine ravioli served with a tomato fondue and yoghurt. I had a taste of it, and found it very flavourful but a little dry. My guest enjoyed it though. I on the other hand, received the duck. A succulent breast cooked to almost perfection and served with pumpkin seeds and a light jus. I've got to admit, I wasn't expecting them to nail this. Duck breast is almost impossible to find in Turkey and almost as impossible to find a chef that actually knows how to cook it. Nevertheless, they nailed it here! A big thumbs up to the chef. One odd thing I noticed, and that was there were no salt and pepper shakers on the table. I wonder if this is the chef telling us that he'd seasoned everything to perfection. I found somethings to be under seasoned to be honest, but as I said, it could be the fact that I smokeValue for money YESAmbiance - Surprisingly funService - Well -informed staff, made it a very pleasurableQuality of Food - Excellent, keen to go back and try other dishesThe Crowd - 30+ for dinner, then the 20 somethings arrived just after midnight! And we left
The views are incredible but that's about it.  The service, food and prices make you want to jump off the rooftop.
I went to 360 twice so far and enjoyed it both times. It's nice, reachable, provides a good view on Bosphorus. I liked decorations like fruit in huge vases and glowing pyramids. I liked the furniture as well. The entrance fee is $25.I took one star off because of the misleading name. I expected a 360 view like in Galata tower, but it was not full 360. Still, the view was good.I took another star off because of the personnel: once they sold us $20 worth of drinks, waited one single minute until we get back to our table and announced that they are closing in 5 minutes. We could see that they are cleaning up the place, everyone else is left, so we did not really enjoy our drinks.I plan to go there from time to time, but I will keep exploring other places.
We went for the 10-12pm dinner service. Food was good but very overpriced (which is expected I guess). I would have given this place one star but the outdoor area helped add the extra star.Waiter was pushy. Apparently you NEED to order one main dish per person, they charge you $$ for service in the bill and the waiter comes up to us and tells us to add an extra 10% for his tip. Seriously dude? We did not need to tip anywhere else in turkey so it was a little irritating that he was pretty much telling us to leave the extra cash before we leave. Service is less than mediocre.
Add this place to your list of must-sees if you go to Istanbul. A little bit tricky to find, we had it on our list but stumbled across it by accident. As with a lot of places in Istanbul you enter via what appears to be a private residential block. But when you get to the top the doorman heaves open the huge metal doors and you climb up the candle lit stairs to a very trendy bar.We got there quite late so the place was packed, no dancing mind you, everyone was sitting eating and drinking and smoking. We grabbed some cocktails and went to appreciate the views. They were a bit pushy when it came to ordering more drinks, we just had the one and then left for the next trendy bar but they didn't seem too happy about this. We couldn't afford to stay anyway, 3 cocktails cost us over £30! Still worth it for one drink and to check out Istanbuls trendiest bar.
very terrible service, our server was not attentive and i had to tell him multiple times what needed to be done. simple things such as clearing the table of old glasses and plates was not done, i had to remind him multiple times about getting us drinks. on top of that, a drink was spilled on one of our guests and the server did not apologize and barley acknoweleged the fact of the mistake. Above all, the server assumed that all the drinks were doubles and charged us as such (a double was considered to be 2 drinks so each drink we were charged as 2, even though we wanted singles). The manager was not helpful either. The service at this restaurant ruins the whole experience, overall there are many other rooftop restaurants in taxim/istanbul that will provide the same level of food/views and better service.
Highly reputable establishment and booked in advance. Arrive on the 7th floor and you enter through steep stairs in to what seems like a loft bar / restaurant.Great atmosphere, stunning views, interesting mix of people and cultures. Food was superb, service was exceptional and the overall dining experience very very good.Good: Food, service and atmosphereBad: Terrible cocktails - Clueless and we had a peeping tom who decided to look under the ladies toilets whilst in use. We suspect it to be a waiter but tough call.Worth a visit for sure and enjoy the wonderful views
If you donot know the restaurant in advance, it is difficult to find it but once reachedyou can enjoy a wonderful view from its terrace. The staffhas some difficult to understand English but at the end we managed to make areservation, which is advised during the week end since this restaurant ispretty full. The menuhas some original creation even if the taste was not at the level of the pricepaid. The food was anyway well presented. The alcoholic drinks are overpriced(as in each other public local in Istanbul) but it is really worth to drink acocktail there (we had two per person) since really well made. In summary:pricey restaurant with not really tasteful food but a great experience,especially if you think that during the dinner they have some small dance-showto entertain you.
Stunning view to Golden Horn Bay and to Bosphorus. Good location and delicios cocktails while the place is quite expensive. The service is not very attentive and if you don't order the food they won't allow to stay at the terrace.
This place was a complete fail. The cover charge was 50 Lira and the complementary drink is only a glass of wine or a beer. I wouldn't come back.
Hyper hip, so I fitted straight in.........If you can't find it then your'e not trying or not hip enough.Tip: Go in with a credit card as you really dont want to keep laying out cash and looking at the prices.
Not bad! I'll start with the obvious: the prices are not low. So if you're looking for budget drinking, happy hours and so on, then it's not the place to go. However the drinks are not necessarily overpriced: 6 euros for a bier are a bit too much indeed, but 12 euros for a good cocktail are definitely ok. And the cocktails are good. Mind tho, that they put tons of ice inside. So the cocktails only look big and mighty, but they aren't actually strong ;-)The staff is nice and friendly, and speaks decent English (which is not at all self evident, coz many people do not - even in the most touristic areas), but frankly spoken neither the drinks nor the service did really rock my boat. What did is the stunning view from the rooftop: 360 degrees of pure visual awesomeness! So if you go to 360, then you know what you actually pay for. And it's worth it.What surprised me at the same time is that there is no elevator to take the guests to the 8th floor. I don't mind taking stairs - just on the opposite, - but I imagine that for someone who's been enjoying the bar's alcoholic masterpieces long and intensively, the way back to earth might become an adventure... ;-)All in all, a nice place, and if I happen to visit Istanbul again, i will definitely come back
Plus points for the view and ambience but the food is nothing great and the portion sizes are tiny for the price.
Nice food and fantastic view. didn't like the the fact they accommodate clients in shifts ( like come this time and finish by this time) sort of "we're making you favor for letting you seat here". If you ask a Martini don't expect the famous Italian drink, but a mix of gin and vermouth (as correctly Wikipedia states...). Living in Italy I was expecting smth else though. If they would change the attitude and the shift schedule I might  it another try. Still there are better restaurants with the same view in Istanbul.
Not a big fan.  We had a group of 14 and paid $160 per person for transport to and from the restaurant and a 5-course meal.  While the restaurant had an amazing view of the downtown and bosphorous, through dirty windows, the food just wasn't worth the cash.  It was good food but no one dish stood out or would make me want to go back.  Ho hum...  I think this place exists to grab tourist bucks and there is probably some kickback to the hotels for sending them business.  I would not recommend.
Went there for drinks before heading to Imroz for dinner. Great views, drink was ok, loved the complimentary stuffed olives and nuts. Extra star is for the unassuming lead up from entrance of Misir Apartments to the 8th floor. If you didn't know, you would have no idea there was a swanky spot up above busy Istiklal.Recommended.
Be cool with all the cool people. Tasteless, over priced. Would not recommend going here. Turkish wannabe chique. NIce view, but nicer places with a better view.
360 bar is a great place for groups to get socialized with the others. This place is crowded most of the time. The overall prices of the alcoholic beverages are affordable. The view from the balcony is fabulous. It's a great nightclub and cocktail bar to get to know people and have high-quality food either at lunch or at dinner. If you have a reservation, you can sit at a table or you can hang around the bar next to the balcony door. What else... Oww, music is generally good with different varieties to offer for the customers. The dress code is semi formal and even formal. But, jacket isn't a must. if you wish not to wear it, it's all right! No worries.. :))
Amazing restaurant. It's not only the view you have but also the quality of the food and the client oriented service. The restaurant is very modern and stylish and converts in a club later at night. I have only tried the restaurant so I can not assess the club atmosphere. Please note that the restaurant has three shifts for reservations. From 18:00 to 20:00 hrs., 20:00 to 22:00 hrs. And 22:00 to open end. Locates at the main pedestrian street of Istanbul, you will have to look for the entrance of the restaurant in a house entrance that does not look like an entrance to a fancy restaurant such as the 360. Enjoy!
The menu is so out-dated, it seems like they haven't changed a thing since they opened in 2005. It's "fusion" and that means everything from sushi to steaks to pasta. That said, the curry fried chicken and lemon sea bass we ordered were both quite delicious. The service was pretty poor for the prices, especially compared to Mikla where we ate the following evening. Excellent view from the patio, definitely worth stopping by for a drink. Also, extra star because we left our credit card there and were able to retrieve it the next day without incident.
This place had a "must try" star on our vacation and it worth it! The environment is very inviting and the food is amazing...a little bit pricy comparing with similar places in the area but the view and the quality will help you forget the hole in your pocket...love it!
My girlfriend and I had such an amazing time at this club, once we found the entrance on street level (a little concealed). Fantastic dj's and performers, views of the whole city with tables inside and outside. Definitely worth the 50 Turkish lira cover charge
Unsure of what all the buzz is about.  The place is half club and half restaurant.  The view is good, but there are better views.  Food is adequate, but not high-end, nor imaginative.  I got the asian noodle and beef broth soup.  Think of udon, but nothing terribly exciting.  Snacked on some pizza with assorted non-pork meats on it.  Again, good but nothing I could not have gotten back at the Dock Street Brewery in Philadelphia.  The crowd was insufferable and it is best to bring girls with you so they can treat you a little better, but I suppose that is the working of the club vibe.  I did witness an entertaining exchange between the manager (?) and the DJ where the manager was berating the DJ or not playing good enough music.  The DJ was nonplussed.
As the name suggests, 360 Istanbul derives its name from the excellent panoramic view of Bosphorus strait. It's located on the roof of the historic Mısır apartment block overlooking all the way up from the St. Antoine's church and to the Sea of Marmara. 360 is a distinguished place for lunch and dinner offering a combination of Turkish and international cuisine with a great wine selection and cocktails. On the weekends it turns into Club 360, a fancy party house where you can enjoy live music, talented Djs, dance performances with the illusion of light shows.
Riding on the magic carpet with Alladin to a whole new world! Club 360 will give you a modern version without a magic carpet but with the same view and my own Dutch Alladin.We only came for the cocktails so we had to pay for the entrance....30 lira!! Why?! It is just a lounge club! The hostess told me it is only for free if you take a dinner but we can take one free cocktail per person...Ok, that sounds good, because the prices of the cocktails are the same like the trendy cocktailbars in Amsterdam (minimum of 25/30 lira) and I would like to go to Alladin's world. The club is in a crowded area (main street Istiklal Cadessi) but the highest floor isn't that crowded. Trendy people from istanbul en other trendy cities are coming here and the atmosphere (sexy house music) is really nice. And the view of the old city of Istanbul....WOW, that is priceless! Trendy AND romantic with our Mojito's....We feel like the king and queen in this new world! Why not 5 stars? Because the staff is OK...friendly but they are not charming like Alladin. And the wifi connection is poor.
Showed up on Friday night and tried to get in. It was 12pm and we stood in line while a large group of lawyers from the Netherlands tried to get in, which required 4 conversations and some palms being greased. After they got in, I walked up to ask the girl how long it would be to get in. She said, No. Nothing else. A little while later, I went and asked if we could get in as the line was in disarray and no one was trying to get in. She responds by saying, I told you No. How was I to know that No meant No entry because we were guys vs. just no, I cant tell you when. The funny part, all kinds of people were getting in which I would never let in if I was running the door, but hey, who am I to judge even if I have worked at some of the top clubs in time.So, we decide to go early the next night to see if could have dinner and then stay for the party after. We did get in and had our meal. Um, it was not great. For the price, you would expect a great meal, instead it was ok. Once the party started, we realized that this place is all hype and no real substance. Just because celebs have partied here in the past, means nothing as this place has definitely peaked and is on its way downhill.Go early, have a drink, check out the view, but dont expect that you will get the Vegas/Miami treatment for the prices you pay.
Sultanahmet Köftecisi has a small menu specializing in just one thing: köfte, or grilled meatballs made of ground beef mixed with herbs and spices. The köfte were perfectly caramelized on the outside, juicy on the inside, and had a delicious flavor from the herb and spice mixture. But my favorite part was that the meatballs were served with a ground red chili paste that had an amazing, spicy flavor! In addition to the köfte, we also ordered all the different sides offered on the menu including the Bean Salad (white beans, lettuce, carrots, onions), the Seasonal Salad (lettuce, cucumbers, carrots, onions, red cabbage), and the Corba (a creamy lentil soup), along with pickled peppers and crusty bread rolls. Everything was fresh and delicious, arrived at our table almost instantaneously after we ordered, and came at a great value too. The vibe was both historic and touristy (not surprising given the restaurant's location), and the service was super friendly.
One of those places that everyone says you must try if you visit Istanbul. If you are from the US, it kind of has a lively Greek diner vibe. It's well located near many of the key tourist attractions. The place is bustling with tourists, but the service is super fast and the staff is friendly. We had some great conversations with other travelers. We had the Kofte, pilaf, and salad; all delicious!
For those who are looking for the original one, this is the original Sultanahmet Koftecisi -replicas are all around Sultanahmet. It's nice and simple: come in, eat, get out. Folks waiting to get your table. This is a perfect historic lunch spot after some touristic activities!
Kofte is great, however if you go there during Ramadan, don't panic if you don't get your food right away. It also took me by surprise when I realized that you have to wait for the call to break fast, but it is a nice experience when everyone at the same time starts eating. The wait is worth it too.
Very edible Kofte (Turkish meatball). They only had a couple dishes on their menu, most notably Kofte, so we ordered it.The menu was kinda limited.Quite a decent meal for a relatively cheaper price compared to other touristy restaurant in the area.Soup was so-so.
This place is 5 minutes away from Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia. When I was going there I expected to see a touristy pricy cafe, but this turned out to be an authentic place with lots of Turkish people inside (this is an indicator for me that the place is good).My girlfriend and I got meatballs, a salad and ayrans. The meatballs looked exactly like what you see on reviews on Yelp which is not always the case. The service was quick and the waiter was nice.
I came here for lunch on a weekday, and I got a salad and the kofte kebab. The salad was quite plain but fresh, and the kofte was very tasty. Bread that came with the kofte was very fluffy too. The meat was really flavorful and tender, and everything combined together was delicious. There was also hot sauce! I really liked this place, although it was more expensive than some other spots, probably because it's near a touristy area. Definitely recommend though!
Steak kabob tastes red like an excellent ribeye. Balance with a rice pilaf. Perfect lunch.
Seek no further than Köftecisi Selim Usta if you desire a quick savory bite in the Sultanahmet area!Although its menu has many items, this historic establishment is undeniably a meatball specialty shop, so you cannot enter here and not get its famous grilled meatball. Certainly, the many photos of its meatballs make the dish look dull and insignificant, but your taste bud will disagree once you taste how much flavor the famous meatball packs! In fact, the meatball here is one of the best I had. You will also be shocked at how filling these seemingly small meatballs are!However, here's a budget hack for this restaurant. A dish of meatball (plus complimentary bread) is 19 TL at dine-in as of November 2017, but unless the weather is terrible, why not enjoy this delicious dish for cheaper while enjoying the beautiful Sultanahmet Meydani outside? You can take out a subway-style sandwich with the same amount of meatballs for only 12 TL!Anyway, whether you dine in or take out, you must stop by here to taste the famous meatballs! Initially I was not a believer when I saw the photos and the description, but now I am a pious adherent of this Istanbul classic.
DON'T GET THIS MIXED UP WITH THE RESTAURANT 2 DOORS DOWN! It has almost the EXACT same name and the meat doesn't look nearly as great. Even their menu looks like a rip-off.No wait here on a busy tourist-filled Sunday, though it was pretty packed. Their restaurant is big and they have a lot of turnover. We saw a group of 6 wait a few minutes, there street only 2 of us. The tables are all really close though!Good service, quick, friendly.About 50 TL total (including a good tip) for two entrees and two drinks.See my photos for details on the food; we got the 2 meat entrees on the menu. They don't look impressive and there isn't much garnishing or extra stuff on the plate, but the meat itself is delicious, especially (we both agreed) the lamb!
Similar to pizza, I don't know that I've ever had a "bad" meatball - for me, even the most sub-par meatballs are pretty tasty. Little nuggets of ground beef, what could go wrong? There is, however, another level of meatball, and one can ascend to that level in Turkey. Whether it's the special spicing, blend of different meats, or both, Turkish meatballs are where it's at. Even though I was only in Istanbul a couple days, I managed to eat a fair number of excellent meatballs at a couple different establishments, and these little grilled squares were the best, especially given the low price point.It's a very simple plate, consisting of nothing but kofte (the square meatballs), and some long, skinny hot peppers. I'd suggest ordering a side of rice. The kofte is very simple, but wow, is it ever tasty. If you can deal with a little heat, definitely try the hot sauce. There's nothing crazy about the spicing with these meatballs - I think what makes these so great is the specific blend of meats. What the blend is, exactly, I don't really know other than that it includes lamb - but don't worry about the specific proportions and just enjoy.Important tip to remember - cash only. Bring your Turkish lira.
This place cheats tourists. I had meatballs, fries, and water; the initial bill was written correctly as 31.50 lira as you can calculate from the menu photo. When I gave them 52 lira, they not only refused to give me 20 lira change (they kept telling me to "wait" presumably so they could decide how to complete the scam), they then got the cashier to create a fake register receipt, which is really extraordinary. I decided not to make a scene over $4. The meatballs are not worth it this. If you go, just expect to be scammed for a bit of money and you'll be fine. It's very sad - the walls are covered with pictures of their proud history.
Love it!  This establishment is unusual because I typically steer clear of restaurants on the main touristy streets.  What are they called?  Tourist traps! However, you must make an exception in this case.  There are numerous restaurants that bear similar names (including the one next door) so make sure you are in the right spot.  This jaunt is in a busy street adjacent to the Aya Sofia and the Blue Mosque.  Despite its location, it serves excellent food.The menu is limited but you are here for the kofte.  Koftes are short, sausage-like links of grilled beef that are absolutely scrumptious.  They give you a couple of pepperocinis with it.  There is also a soup for 5 TL which is amazingly good for something so inexpensive.  Make sure to order it.  And by all means, do not forget to order the rice which is also 5 TL.  It's flavorful and goes well with the kofte.  We did not partake in the specialty Turkish drink so I can't speak to it but every guidebook says to try it so it's worth a shot.  We tried the kebap which to me was good but the meat seemed a tad on the tough side.  Could've been an off day.  Who knows?  Give it a go because it's inexpensive enough to try again.We actually ate here twice during our 8 day stint in Istanbul.  Both times were great.  The food comes out fast.  The servers are efficient and speak multiple languages.  It's a great place for a quick meal while checking out the nearby sites.  All of this gives it 4 stars but I'm giving the added 5th star because of the value.  The food is inexpensive but you're not sacrificing quality or service.  Such value is a worth a stop.  Trust me.
Personal Favorites: Sultanahmet MeatballStyle: TurkishAmbiance: Clean and casualService: Friendly and fastNote: This is a place for Lunch and Dinner.Sultanahmet Meatball is a traditional Food Destination in Istanbul that you must try.Sultanahmet Meatball is another type of​ Turkish Fast food. Meatball and appetizers are the only things​ you will get.There is no View, there is no extraordinary service or anything else other than the ​taste of magical Sultanahmet Meatball.
Very good authentic Turkish food.The beef was tasty and tender.This is a obstacle course if you want to go upstairs to sit and eat.  All part of the adventureI would recommend trying them out.
What's for dinner? Meatballs and lamb! Yes, sounds about right.  This restaurant brings all the meat lovers together.  The menu is extremely limited.  They do not serve chicken, veggie dishes etc. They mainly have two options: koftas (meatballs) or lamb shish kabobs.  In sides they have salads, soups, rice, bread.  Everything is a la carte.  We tried their rice, koftas, and lamb.  Good portions and sharing style dishes.This place is crazy busy at lunch time.  It's a favorite among the locals and tourists.  It's right across from the Blue mosque.  This restaurant carries a bit of history in itself.  Been open since the 1920s.  I like the fact they did not change the menu with time.  They stayed true to what kind of food they wanted to serve. The restaurant is simple yet is big and has many rooms.  The cooks make the food near the front of the restaurant and you can actually see what they are grilling or making.Honestly, I'm not a meat lover however the meat was nice, tender, and juicy.  They do not put much decoration on the entrees however, justly prepare the meats and highlight the quality of the dish by the main ingredients.  They give hot chili sauce and peppers on the side if you want to make it spicy.  I would recommend this place if you want to get your kofta cravings fulfilled.~
The most delicious Kofte in Turkey. If you will come to Istanbul you must visit this place, it is so close to Sultanahmet Cami
Amazing! Don't order the lamb as it is a bit gamey but def order the beef. It is so amazing. Also if you are undecided about the pickled peppers, each order of meat comes with a few pieces for you to try! The bean salad is refreshing and goes well with the good. If you like hot sauce, wait after you get your meat for the waiter to bring their what looks like homemade hot sauce around! Yum. Bring cash as they don't take credit card!
This is a Sultanahmet institution where both locals and tourists line up for delicious kofte (grilled meatballs). Luckily, it had just opened for the day and so we easily found a table in the large 3-level dining room. While there are a number of kofte places on Divan Yolu Caddesi, look for the one two doors down from Can Restaurant and you'll know you're on your way to delicious kofte.The menu consists of only a handful of items, and we selected the namesake kofte (TRY 15 = $5.80) as well as a white bean salad (TRY 6 = $2.30). Not more than two minutes a later, a small plate arrived on our table containing six juicy oblong meatballs, still steaming from the grill, accompanied by a couple of pickled peppers.The kofte was incredibly juicy and tender. It was cooked perfectly and the spices penetrated each piece. The bean salad was surprisingly good for something so simple; the beans were well cooked and with a splash of red wine vinegar they were a nice balance to the fatty and heavily seasoned kofte.We ended up going here twice during our time in Istanbul. Make sure that when  you get the kofte they give you the hot sauce - perfection! The first time we didn't get it and the second time they asked... strange. If you like spicy, it's a great addition to the delicious kofte.
I want to be as honest as I can.I wanted to try to turkish kebap, the first evening in Istanbul, so I relied on this high-rated place with plenty of reviews from locals.Moreover, it is located just on the main street in front of the Sultan Ahmed Mosquee so it was an easy stop during my walk.I have to say that the choice is really little: only lamb or chicken meat, or meat balls, plus a couple of salads and a couple of soups. Stop, nothing else.No tablecloth when you seat, water served in a plastic glass, no napkins (I had to ask!). I asked for a lamb kabap and ended up eating something like 80gr of meat and had to pay for a side dish of salad. Pure salad.The waiter took me the check before I even asked for it...of course there is no other food so there is nothing else to order, maybe that's the approach!Maybe the habits here are different from mines, 100% true, but at least I need to be fed, and when I'm leaving a place still hungry, that's not the kind of place I want to come back.
This is the place for meatballs in Sultanahmet. They only accept cash so be prepared.
Any one complaining about the lack of variety simply didn't realize what they were coming to before walking into the door. This is one of those places that does one thing and does it really well.Had the beef kofte, a bit overpriced just as most things on this street. The quality of the meat is really the difference though. Would definiteley recommend coming once during your visit.
If you're visiting turkey and go to the blue mosque or the Sophia or Topkapi palace. Make sure to stop by here. It's right next to the metro station past the water fountain.Don't be intimidated by the line, it moves pretty quickly. We got in and got seated quick. They wiped down our table and handed us menus. Pretty easy menu, 10-15 items at most. We all checked it out and decided what we wanted.Server came back and took our order. We were 4 people, so we got 4 orders of meatballs (small kabobs), 1 rice, 1 yogurt, 1 French fry, and a salad. He brought fresh bread to the table for us to have while we wait for our food, which came our much faster than I thought.Table went quiet for 10 minutes straight. Think we enjoyed it too much! Juicy meat, soft rice, tasty yogurt with cucumber, drinks came out cold, and the bread was fresh! All good things!Give it a try, don't get intimidated by the line and fall into the grasp of one of the surrounding restaurants. It's worth the wait that isn't even that bad.
I wouldn't say it's the best Kofte I've ever tasted but it's pretty good. Simple restaurant with a simple menu. I ordered (for two people) two plates of kofte, a plate of salad and a plate of fries. The fries were just bland and basic, if I went again I would order another plate of salad. The hot sauce they offer with the kofte is pretty bland too. Basically it was just blended peppers, no salt or any spices to wake up the flavors.
Food is pretty good. What disappointed me most is the waiter's dishonesty.When I asked for check, waiter told me is 100 TL and refused to show me the bill detail. Since I know how much I ordered, I insist to see the detail bill before I pay. Finally he gave up and show me the bill. The total is 76 TL with 10% service fee included already!
This place is an institution for locals and visitors alike.  It has 3 things on the menu, I believe.  Meatballs, a bean salad covered with carrots and lettuce and rice.  They bring bread to the table and everything was delicious.  We were there with our guide who ordered for us.  The hot chili sauce and peppers are great flavor additions.This place is in the heart of the old Istanbul which makes it a great place to have lunch in between seeing the sights.There is another restaurant 2 doors down with the exact same name which I believe is there to capture tourist spill over from this local favorite, though our guide said its good as well, but not AS good.
Tarihi Sultanahmet Köftecisi is an unassuming restaurant on the fringe of Istanbul's most famous touristic area, which specialises in the most amazing Kofte. I dined at another branch some months ago and remember coming away as happily stuffed as I did on this occasion. The restaurant is quite basic, and geared up for speed; order, eat, pay and leave - no dilly dallying, no tea even. But all this is inconsequential because the Kofte is amazing; sprinkle a little dried thyme, red chilli and you're good to go. I also love the pickled green chilli which is served with the Kofte. Service is wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am fast, and friendly...so long as you don't take too long. This is a must visit restaurant.Waste NOT. Want NOT.
Delicious lamb.Seasoned Salad is okay.Bread?Not good.In traveling spot,price is accepted.
I've been to Istanbul twice now and have eaten here 5 times. I love this place, it's the perfect place to stop for a bite to eat. The menu is small but that's because they focus on what they do best - kofte and lamb kebabs. Also, makes it easy to show the waiter what you want in case they don't understand English too well.Right next to the Blue Mosque, this place can get pretty packed during lunch hours. The food is great, perfectly spiced and full of flavor. Free bread goes perfectly with the meat and definitely try the hot sauce - only adds to the delightful goodness!!Make a stop here, you won't regret it.
We ordered 1 lentil soup, 1 salad, 1 kofte (lamb meatballs), 1 shish kabob (Lamb), and 2 cokes. Our drink, soup, and salad came quickly, but I felt we waited a few minutes longer than needed for our main dish.The lentil soup was simple and good, but nothing to write home about. The meatballs were soft, juicy and piping hot, but I wondered whether it was worth all the hype on Yelp (sorry guys--my first time eating kofte--wasn't disappointed, but I'm not sure I felt that excited about it either way). However, my lamb kabob? A-Maze-balls. Juicy, substantial, with a slight crispy outer layer and perfectly seasoned.We got lucky being seated on the second floor where we got a view of the park and the Blue Mosque out the window. It's definitely worth the visit if you're in the area. If you're lucky enough to walk by when there isn't a wait, I'd definitely recommend this place. If you're just by yourself, I personally preferred the lamb kebabs over the kofte, but don't let my taste buds deter you from making your decisions. ;-)
We got their lentil soup (corba), bean salad and baked rice pudding (sutlac) and loved all three. The corba was our favorite - simple and fresh. Service was super fast. We literally got our soups within 10 seconds of ordering. The food items were reasonably prized - that's probably why we saw a lot of locals eating here too.Overall, we loved our eating experience here.
Everything on the menu is great. Really delicious meatballs with rice pilaf and white bean salad. They have a short menu with pictures and descriptions. Point to what you want and the waiters bring it right over. Don't expect the same service you receive in the States, this is busy restaurant in the middle of a tourist hub. They are not going to ask you "if they can get you anything" half way through you meal.In all I really enjoyed the food and atmosphere, also they have really clean restrooms upstairs.
The atmosphere is nice here. Live Music, a dancer and Turkish style outdoor area with roof in a nice neighborhood.The food is regular, no vegetarian dishes, but you could mix starters or have a salad. Prices are good.
Very nice authentic local restaurant and very moderate prices. Kofte, rice, bean salad and ayran drink were good. Its more a tourist place that must be visited.
Best meatballs ever. My mom remarked "these are better than the kababs at shalimar!" (Shalimar is a famous Pakistani kabab spot in San Francisco). We loved this restaurant and are coming back! Reasonable prices too.
I have never seen this place without a long waiting line. Yes, this kofte restaurant is one of the most known in Turkey (might be the most known in Istanbul); but, i can easily say that i had betters. I don't tell that it is not tasty, just the line drives me to another alternative.I would try if i were a tourist in Istanbul, othw, i cannot highly recomend the place.
This is the spot to go to for lamb kofte. There's tons of space, and service is quick. It's semi-touristy, but it definitely says something when you see lots of locals eating their lunch and buttermilk beverages there, too. This was definitely one of the most memorable meals at Istanbul - no frills but very tasty.
Not far from Sultanahmet Square and all the major spots in Istanbul, Tarihi is a great place to stop in for a bite to eat. The kofte is really good here, and comes with some amazing, spicy sauces. It was full to the rafters when we came in, but we still got seats by the window so we could look out at the city.This is also the first place we tried ayran, a classic Turkish drink you'll see everywhere. It's sort of like yogurt, but drinkable. I don't know, it was okay but not something I particularly enjoyed...but also, that's not the restaurant's fault at all since they don't make their own.The food came quickly and the staff knew enough English to help us out when trying to get our food and drinks ordered. It's a great place to try kofte if you've never had it and are seeing the city!
This place was on J2's list of "Istanbul Must-Eats."  We didn't realize it was SO POPULAR... we got lucky and randomly walked in before the lines got ridiculous (it also happened to be Ramadan while we were there, so not sure if that affected the crowds swarming this place).AMBIANCE:  A little dim inside, with a very "vintage," established vibe.  The analogy that comes to mind is of a hole in the wall deli... even though this description is not perfect.  We were seated very quickly and food was brought out to us right away... leaving us very confused.  The staff here seems to speak very limited English, but were finally able to communicate to us that we would be eating a set menu since it was Ramadan.SERVICE:  No nonsense.  Although we had difficulty communicating, they were very nice and though harried, took care of all our requests.  I will say that it probably helps a LOT if you can speak the language, because we didn't realize that some of our requests incurred some extra charges (no wonder they were so confused when we asked them for certain things)... we thought they were included in the set menu.FOOD:  Delicious.  We were initially slightly disappointed we wouldn't be able to sample more of the menu, but the food they brought us was probably the best version of kofte that we had in all of Turkey (a close second was the kofte we had after a tour of Ephesus).  So juicy, tender and scrumptious.  It made us want to try one of their sandwiches... but one look at the line that snaked all the way to Sultanahmet square made us realize other people had the same idea, and we had no desire to wait.  We ended up making our own sandwiches with the bread they provided.  nom nom nom.OVERALL: Yummy, cheap and filling meal!  Definitely stop by here if you have a chance, and don't be intimidated by the long lines!
The restaurant has been around since 1922, and meatballs are their specialty. We went there for lunch and had meatballs with a side of white bean salad, another specialty of the restaurant. The meatballs were excellent, and so was the salad. The place is absolutely hopping at lunch time, but service is very efficient.
I still dream about this place. I was in Istanbul for a business trip and we had a few hours one day to go do some sightseeing and our guide brought us here after the Aya Sofia and Blue Mosque for lunch. We were told it was a very well known restaurant and it was very crowded but so worth it. The kofte (or "meatballs" as we were told in English but I would say kofte is more "kabob"-esque really) is amazing and the stuff that dreams are made of. That's pretty much all they serve because they have perfected the art of grilled ground meat.I had obscene amounts of delicious food in Istanbul (one of the factors contributing to it being my new favorite city in the world) and this place still stands out. If you're going to be anywhere near the Blue Mosque, Topkapi Palace or Aya Sofia, which I assume any decent tourist going to Istanbul will be at some point, get yourself some kofte here. And bring me back some please.
I was excited to try for my last meal. It was fine, but nothing special. I liked the lentil soup more than the meatballs. It was kind of plain, and kind of overpriced (for Turkey). Not worth a long wait.
This is the authentic one (says since 1920 on the sign). There's an imposter a few stores over, didn't try that one.Anyway very simple slab menu. Koftecisi are little torpedo-like meatballs, which you get on a sort of tapas-style plate with hot peppers. They're delicious, would go better in a wrap or pita of some sort to be perfectly honest, it's a little bizarre just eating meat by itself with a fork/knife unless it's a steak, though you can order a bean salad side or pilaf.With the countless overpriced tourist-trap restaurants in sultanahmet, this is one of the more consistent fast-casual restaurants you can visit.Bottom line: If you're carnivorous and a tourist, come here. But... it'd be better in a wrap.
It is good taste but pricey very little amount for 10$ 3 kofte and bread with pickles no more
Service is curt but efficient. Beef meatball aka skewer is delicious, spiced, and cooked perfectly. Love the pickled pepperocini. The lentil soup is REALLY on point and so is the buttery pilaf rice. Can't miss the fresh salad as well with lemon juice. Cheap and delicious and fast. I was sad because they didn't offer me the spicy sauce so make sure to ask.
We stopped at this place for an afternoon kofte break while doing the Sultanahmet tourist thang. Delicious meatballs from a pretty unfriendly staff who seemed to want us in and out (very different from the experience we had most anywhere else in Turkey, where everyone was quite courteous and friendly!)Also, we originally came in wanting to split a meatball sandwich, as they were advertised on a sign outside. However, since it was after lunchtime, we were outta luck.  Kofte and salad only! The kofte was quite good and the historic restaurant was worth a visit. Just be quick about it, alright??
This is one of my favorite kebab place in Istanbul. I usually order the ground kebab, white beans and a dessert all for lunch.
Extremely good kofte and fairly priced, especially given the area of town.  The kofte was so good, I had to order a second plate.  This is a very good choice for lunch after a visit to the Blue Mosque, Topkapi, or Aya Sofia.  After two weeks touring in Turkey, this was the only restaurant we visited twice.I believe there are two main options on the menu, but I didn't see anyone in the restaurant who was having anything other thank Kofte (translated poorly into English as "meatballs" most places in Turkey).  Do yourself a favor and stop by for a platefull.  Also, take the spicy sauce that they serve with the kofte - it enhances the flavor of the meat and adds a nice kick!
Over rated cafe. Not sure everyone go to this place. Eat at his price when stay at Istanbul. Kebab is not very good and are over price compare to other place in Istanbul. When hand with the bill, they over charge you. So beware the total amount when you are paying the bill. Would not recommend this place.
Went in late and experienced extremely pushy service. Kept on trying to push salads on us regardless of the many times we refused. The food itself (lamb and meatballs) was very disappointing. These guys are well trained at spotting tourists and trying to take advantage. Stay away.
Worth the hype. Just a few dishes on the menu which is always a great sign that they make a few things but make them phenomenally well. Definitely cap off your meal with the chilled rice pudding.
Super thankful to have stumbled upon this place on a snowy day. The service was excellent and everyone in the joint was very friendly. We ordered their koftes (turkish meat balls), ayran to drink and two desserts. Our meal came with bread as well. The koftes were superb. The spicy sauce was awesome!! The two desserts were good as well but if I went back I definitely would have ordered more kofte.
Came here because of a recommendation of a friend. Food was good! I had the meatballs which were delicious with the hot sauce. I gave it a 4-star because my Dad had the lamb kebob and it didn't settle. Otherwise the experience was good.
Great "meatballs" (kofte)! This place keeps it simple with just a few items on their menu as they honed in on their specialty. Service is very fast and prices are reasonable. I would recommend one order of rice for every two people. It may be best to just stop by here for a snack and share a plate, then enjoy a more comprehensive meal elsewhere. You certainly won't be disappointed here, though, and just as a local recommended this place to me, I would recommend it to you!Note cash only here
When I came here I was deleriously tired and just wanted something quick but great that I could shovel in and then go off to bed.  This place hit the spot.  Though it didn't seem to be their specialty, I got a soup and a big bowl of rice.  The soup was absolutely delicious, I think it was lentil soup and the rice was piping hot, perfectly flavored and really hit the spot.  They got it to me fast after I ordered it, and I was in and out of there within 10 minutes.  There were a lot of people coming in and out and it seemed like a popular place - maybe next time I will go back and actually try some of their meats!  It is a great "fast food" place in the area.
nice food with cheap price, the most popular restaurant near the train station so u can not miss it.  We ate a lot and very satisfied with everything.
One of the best kofta places we've eaten at in all of turkey. Very fresh and perfectly spiced meat. The semolina dessert is yummy too. Try this place before leaving Istanbul.
Hard to find although right outside the back exit of Blue mosque towards Sofia. Excellent for Kofta. Not much else on menu anyway.
Located conveniently near the blue mosque, but you will pay the price for it. Okay food, I've had better.
Food is really delicious but the the restaurant doesn't accept a credit card(it might be prevention from paying tax). It accepts American dollar but they buy it for cheaper price. It was 2.13lira for a dollar, but it bought it for 1,95.And also if your money is not CLEAN, it doesn't accept your dollar.Basically, good food but unprofessional management.
My partner and I ate at this restaurant in December 2012 on our first night in Istanbul.  We choose it after reading reviews about the popularity of the place, as evidenced by all the letters from local celebrities which were posted on the wall.The food was perfectly fine, although it should be pointed out that there is a limited menu.  The price also seemed reasonable for a tourist area where it was located, as it came to about 40 Turkish lira for two people (we ordered 1 salad, 1 rice pilaf, 2 kofte, 1 honey pudding).However, compared to other restaurants that we tried during our trip, the food was nothing special.If you are in the Sultanahmet area, and have no desire to travel further afield, you will get decent food here.
Her zaman icin ozel bir mekan
Best Kofte. Very few items on menu but excellent food. Cash only. The restaurant is being frequented by locals mostly so the wait staff does not speak a lot of English if any. But you manage. Busy at times. The staff does not appear that friendly at the beginning but if you go there more than once they will remember you.
I've wanted to go to Mikla for some years, and most dishes were great, but they didn't necessarily impress me especially for the price of 3300 lira for the 3 course meal.(comes to almost $140 including the service charge)You're definitely paying for the ambience, the view of Istanbul, but let's be real, it's not the only place with great food and a great view of Istanbul.The dishes, octopus, short rib, and sütlaç were great. Vegetables served with the fish tasted a bit strong for the fish, but tasted good otherwise. Manti had a red sauce that was quite disappointing as I had manti(dumplings) in 4 different places during my Turkey trip, and this was at the bottom due to the red sauce. Pistachio sauce with the birdshit dessert tasted great though the dessert overall wasn't as satisfying as Sütlaç.Overall, due to the price, the place deserves a 3.5. At the end of the day, Turkey is a place where you can get great food for a few bucks and I can't justify the price.
Mikla is definitely expensive for local standards.  I opted for the 3-course menu for TL3,300 and picked a lion fish appetizer, prawns entree, and strawberry-basil dessert.  The portions do not justify the price, but they were delicious.  The views are gorgeous, and if it's not raining, the waitstaff will open up the screen doors and let you go out onto the balcony.  I guess the price of the views is included in the meal.  Tax is not included in the price; be prepared to pay 12% extra.
What a treat. We dined here in March and it was fantastic. We did the 3 course prix fixe along with wine pairing and were not disappointed. We had the lamb heart and octopus as our starters then shared the Beef Rib Steak (for two) and finished with dessert. It was a wonderfully flavorful meal (traditional yet elevated). The ambience in the dining room was modern and classy but not at all stuffy. The service was attentive and smooth. We arrived early and had a couple of rounds of drinks at the bar in order to enjoy the view and catch the sunset (highly recommended). The lamb heart and octopus should not be missed and we had enough steak to take some leftovers with us. Outstanding bar/wine program, delicious food, and a phenominal view make Mikla a spot not to miss while in Istanbul.
A Michelin Star recipient, with a privileged view atop The Marmara Pera Hotel, Mikla Restaurant features Chef Mehmet Gürs' "New Anatolian Cuisine" in a room designed to attract tourists and Turkish elite.Offered a la carte, or as a 3,400 Lira Tasting Menu for six courses plus Canapes and Bread, it is after exiting the elevator that guests are seated at linen-topped tables with Cocktails or Wine soon in hand.Focused on Turkey's natural diversity, but also employing an eye towards innovation, Gürs current menu begins with Balık Ekmek offered as a two-bit Cracker before transitioning to savory Lavash with Goose and smoky Bonito with a quenelle of Dill.Fairly standard in its progression, the first proper course a petite Vegetable medly centering on Artichoke, Gürs Beef Carpaccio sees the Vegetable's Stem pickled as an accouterment alongside Chestnuts and Chilis.Next cleansing the palate with Mercimek Corbası, the coil of Octopus to follow tender but a little overworked, Sea Bass represents the only sizable piece of Protein on Mikla's menu but largely gets lost in the wake of Olives, Capers and Vinegar.Unsurprisingly closing with Lamb, well prepared with bold aromatics, Dessert arrived after twenty-five minutes and found just two spoonfuls of Pumpkin Cream juxtaposing Saffron and Sesame.
Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Food, service, ambiance - 10/10. Only downside is each course took a while to come out. However, there's a outdoor rooftop upstairs which we went for pictures and listening to music. The wine selection here was also really good.
Food is delicious and view is great. Service is very good. Reservation is required.Enjoy your dinner
It must just be me, since this is apparently one of the world's 50 best restaurants, but for me it was the most forgettable of all our Istanbul dining experiences. There are so many fresh takes on Anatolian cooking across Istanbul that I can't understand why this has become the poster child for the modern Turkish table.I will grant that we had the vegan tasting menu, so perhaps something is lost there. But dishes like the fennel - shaped like a much less delicious su börek - and the generic roasted asparagus vegetable plate left the faintest of impressions.What relation was there between the mantı and the classical rendition? With neither flavors, filling or shape left intact, this became a colorful but generic tortellini dish. And I've had far better zeytınyağli, classic cold dishes in olive oil, at a random lokantasi in Üsküdar.
We visited this restaurant to celebrate a birthday when visiting Istanbul and had a fantastic night. Located on the roof, the views of Istanbul are really amazing. We visited when it was slightly cooler (in February) so we couldn't sit outside, however, it would be beautiful to sit outside and look at the view when it's a little warmer. We did the tasting menu with wine pairing and had an absolutely amazing meal. Everything was very well prepared and we chose the local wine option and were really pleasantly impressed with how good it all was. Before being seated, we had cocktails at the bar and they were fantastic as well. Highly recommend.
Mikla in 3 words: crazy sexy cool...Insane rooftop view (I used to live in NYC and this is one of the most breathtaking cityscapes I've seen)Delicious and innovative upscale Turkish cuisineVery reasonably priced tasting menuFriendly, but, er, leisurely serviceMust go when in Istanbul but call ahead to ensure you can sit on the patio!
We enjoyed every aspect of our meal here .   The views are stunning and the cocktails fantastic.  Our friends were a bit late and our server was very understanding and allowed us to wait quite some time.  We enjoyed the three course prix fixe which is quite reasonable for this level of food.   I had the prawns that were just incredible and my partner had the lamb.   The starer was called manny which was like a dumpling that could have been a dinner entre on to itself.   And the deserts were wonderful as well.   All in all this was a wonderful experience!
The food, service, ambiance, view... everything is good but it is unnecessarily expensive. I travel the world and I have been to many high end, Michelin starred restaurants. Their pricing seems to be within countries economical standards, only a few are flying high and Mikla is one of them. If you want to dine in in Istanbul and pay as if you are in the U.S or Japan don't miss the opportunity. Mikla will satisfy your needs and your wallet will be lighter.
Worst dining experience ever. This can't be Istanbul's best. Overpriced and under-delivered on all aspects - horrible service, food, wine pairing. Such a scam!
3.5 starsMikla Chef Owner Mehmet Gürs is credited with helping establish the New Anatolian Kitchen - a food movement that takes traditional Anatolian cooking and elevates it with modern creativity.For the relative price point of $90USD, drinks included, I thought my dinner experience was a good value. Compared to other similarly ranked restaurants around the world though, the execution and service were not quite there. While I enjoyed the starters and desserts, the main entrees were very overcooked and overall forgettable.The seven course tasting menu didn't offer any exclusive dishes beyond those offered a la carte. Since I dined here with a group of four, we decided to go with the three course a la carte menu to try more options. If you go in a larger group, I would recommend this route since the portions were very sharable.Small BitesMikla's iconic take on the local Balık Ekmek (fish sandwich) was standout. The extra thin bread was interpreted as cracker on a stone stand, with a sardine section baked in the middle.I also enjoyed the zesty olive oil, goat milk butter, and cheese spread that came with the house bread.First CourseThe Iskenderun Prawns with rock samphire and sugar bean hummus was my favorite among our four first courses. The jumbo prawns were tender and the samphire greens had good contrasting brightness with the creamy, mild hummus.The olive oil braised Artichoke was another strong dish - simplicity done right.  The Red Mullet had a similar winning combo of punchy flavors and contrasting creamy texture as the prawns. Only the Chilled Dried Beef was a dud.Second CourseThe meal went off course for the main entrees. My favorite dish was the vegetarian option of Asparagus which was cooked to perfection, retaining the right amount of snap.The Octopus was disappointingly chewy, the Sea Bass tough, and the Braised Lamb overly dry. Presentation was also uninspired.Third CourseI did think that dessert salvaged the meal, with the punchy, yet balanced flavors. This was my first time having Tavuk Göğsü, a traditional local dessert made with chicken breast. Though strange sounding to my foreign palette, the chicken added an intriguing depth to the dish, without being offensively "animal" in taste. The sour flavors from fermented fig, mulberry, and apple complemented the fullness of the chicken.WineIn lieu of pairings, we opted for a recommended bottle of Turkish white and red wine from Thrace region in Turkey which borders Greece. The Albarino & Narince blend was bright and mineral dry white. This became pretty good after some breathing time.The Öküzgözü is a red grape that had a gasoline nose, medium body, and an earthy spice to it. I enjoyed this dry red quite a bit.SummaryWhile I enjoyed the meal overall and appreciated the rooftop ambience, I did feel somewhat let down by the execution of the main entrees. Given Mikla's reputation in the global fine dining scene (World's 50 Best), I expected more elevated dishes and refined service as well.
Öne of the few Michelin star restaurants in Istanbul with great panoramic view and modern interpretations of Turkish cuisine.
This was a very good and surprising restaurant perched on top of an old hotel in Perna, adjacent to the old Italian palaccio which had housed the original US embassy, and the next door Perna Palace Hotel, terminus of the Orient Express.  It is great to see the formerly run down Pera district being restored.  The views from this roof top restaurant are the best in old Istanbul.
The best view in IstanbulVery good service and the best Turkish wine selectionI highly recommend the braised lamb and ManteThe service is exquisite and staff extremely friendly
Did the three course prix fixe, and they also provided small appetizers before our meal. It was fun to taste the different dishes, but none of the items rocked my world. Everything was very average tasting, but the dish presentation was good. For my three course, I got the duck, braised lamb, and chocolate mousse. The duck wasn't very tender or flavorful. The braised lamb was pretty tender, but didn't have much flavor. The chocolate mousse was very meh. Overall, the meal is definitely NOT worth the price, as all the dishes were forgettable and not flavorful. The view was pretty good since we came here during sunset, but still don't think it is worth the price. I would NOT recommend wasting a meal here if you are visiting Istanbul. Go elsewhere and try some local cuisine!
Mikla was a highly recommended restaurant both online and by our expert concierge who was dismayed to find that our experience wasn't stellar. I want to point out that nothing went "wrong" during our meal there. There simply wasn't anything great. Everything was just ok. We ordered a bottle of wine: 900 Fume, which was okay but not really a fume, to compliment the tasting menu that had a lot of seafood forward elements. The meal started off with three finger foods and they were creative and pretty in presentation. The waiter failed to instruct the order in which to eat these and unfortunately we started with the more flavorful and ended with the bland tuna - had it been reversed that would have been a better intro to the meal. The first dish was probably the best - an artichoke heart with a vegetable puree that was just delicious. The dried beef dish was basically a pastirma that was overwhelming with the totally unnecessary truffle. Why would you juxtapose two very powerful flavors like that on a plate. That's the dish where i knew the meal wasn't going to live up to the hype. The octopus had been prepared well; the protein was not chewy and the flavor was good. The sea bass was the best protein of the evening and it was simply and elegant. The only dish that was salted correctly due to the base of olives and capers. The braised lamb was beautifully presented and certainly the highlight of the meal with its composure and flavor. It was stunning in presentation. Beautiful rich colors and it just popped on the table. The meal ended with a yoghurt coupled with a strawberry sorbet. If you were able to get a bit of yoghurt with the sorbet and the mint oil beneath on your spoon and into your mouth - it created a great mouthfeel and flavor combo. At this price point in istanbul today, the service should have been better. Our wine glasses ran empty and waiters were asked repeatedly to fill our glasses. Overall it was an okay experience. Truthfully there is so much competition for good food in istanbul. This wasn't the highlight we were hoping for unfortunately.
24/7 Breathtaking view: where the city's sunrise blends in sunset with unbelievable magic.The best rooftop bar with its flavorful and rare drink types.Delicious food with unique presentation, and of course modern atmosphere with high class service.Welcome to Mikla: Mesmerizing Istanbul in its kooky authentic lifestyles.
Mikla offers an unbeatable gastronomic experience. The food is based on Turkish cuisine interpreted by a world class chef. The venue is modern, hip and provides some of the best scenic vantage points in the city.My wife and I brought our families to Mikla and ordered the 3 course tasting menu for all. Between the eight of us, we ordered every dish and had a chance to taste it all.  My first note is that Mikla serves a couple of dishes on the house in addition to the three courses and you won't leave the restaurant hungry.We started off with a bowl of Ayran (yoghurt drink) with wheat on a bowl (served like a gezpacho) on the house.For the first course, I ordered sardines and bread. The bread was thin and crunchy like a cracker and the sauce was dense. The crunchy cracker with the dense sauce and the soft sardines provided an interesting consistency and blew my mind with its flavors. I highly recommend the following two appetizers as well: the artichoke appetizer was also both familiar and innovative. We are mostly used to serving artichoke whole while this appetizer was cut into small squares and served with lemon juice. I also tried the lamb heart. It was served thinly sliced (its consistency was like pan fried liver slices) with lentils. Delicious.For the second course, I ordered the monkfish. It was very fresh and flavorful. The beans, greens, and almonds went perfectly with it. I also had the chance to try the braised and grilled lamb. The lamb was tender in both cases. I really liked how cherries and the mushroom went with the grilled lamb. I highly recommend these three entrees.For the third course, most desserts were ice cream matched with a fruit on the bowl. The taste and consistency interplay between the two components were innovative and delicious. I tried the sour cherry with cheese ice cream. The sourness of the cherries with the mild sweetness of the ice cream had a different taste profile in every spoon based on how much of it was mixed with the other. Although I highly recommend the sour cherry, buffalo yoghurt dessert was maybe more ming blowing. Strawberry sorbet with more creamy yoghurt had the same kind of taste interplay as the sour cherry dessert.We were given a great table. On one side, we had a great view of the old city and on the other side, we had a glimpse of the rest of the city in another window. In addition to the perfect food and the views, the service was impeccable. The staff timed the dishes such that we took our time with each and were not rushed at all. Overall, we stayed for 3.5 hours and felt that it was the plan of the staff to keep is there that long to fully savor the experience. The magic of the experience was that the foodies among our group were equally impressed as the ones who are more casual about food (who wouldn't jump through hoops to try new food and places).One of the best food experiences I ever had.
Great place to grab a nice dinner in Istanbul. Amazing views and quality food for a great price (due to current conversion rates).
This was my first take on a french-style elaborate gastronomic tasting menu in Turkey. The six course tasting menu costs a pretty penny but I wanted to see what elevated Turkish cusine would taste like during my visit!The Food:- Seabass Amuse Bouche - This was one of the first free tastes we were offered. It was a sea bass ceviche. The marinade was lovely and had plenty of acid. Personally sea bass for me is to "fishy" of a fish for ceviche. I much rather prefer the tuna/salmon versions of ceviche but I understand why they chose sea bass (most popular fish type in Turkey!)- Zeytinyagli - This was an elevated take on "enginar" which is a artichoke dish in turkey. The taste was exactly like the classic enginar turkish dish but the presentation was a lot prettier!- Balik Ekmek - This is a take on the classic "fish and bread" dish in Turkey which you can find as fast-food take out places littered along the Bosporus. Again, I'm not a huge fan of sardines so this wasn't the best dish for me but this dish had an excellent presentation!- Lamb Heart - Yeah I know what you're thinking, how nice can lamb heart be? This dish did not disappoint! The morel mushrooms gave the dish a nice earthiness while the burned butter gave the dish the perfect amount of creamyness.- Monkish: I think my favorite part of this dish wound up being the broad beams believe it or not. This was my least favorite item on the menu but mostly due to me being more of a meat gal than a fish gal.- Braised Lamb: They apparently saved the best for last because this was easily the tastiest savory item on the tasting menu. The lamb was fall-apart-on-your-fork tender. Definitely save enough room to finish this whole dish!- Buffalo Yoghurt: My favorite dish on the entire tasting menu hands down. The yogurt was the best yogurt I've ever tasted and the sorbet on  top was a delicious pallet cleanser.- Cheeses: I'm not a huge fan of cheese as-is so this was kinda meh for me, but the cheese lovers at the table loved this!Overall if Turkey had Michelin stars this restaurant would be a solid 1/2 stars. The food is delicious and the service is superb. Looking at most of the guests in the restaurant they were mostly speaking English (not a lot of locals here) as it appears that elevated gastronomy experiences haven't become to the hot new trend in Turkey yet. I'd definitely recommend visiting if not only to visit their rooftop which has an amazing view of downtown Istanbul!
Great restaurant with modern Turkish food located in the rooftop of The Marmara Pera hotel, overlooking Sultanhamet.As tourists, we wanted to explore a high end Turkish restaurant during our trip. We were not disappointed!Restaurant offers a fix-price 3-course menu, in which you get to choose starter-main-dessert, or a 7-course tasting menu.Being clueless about most of the dishes, I followed our waiter's suggestions and was pleased with his advice. Local wine was algo pretty good!!I would definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a high-end dining experience in Istanbul! For more details, see photos!
Sheep butter from Konya, Lor cheese ice cream - splendidly natural and rare ingredients, a creative chef and excellent service - that's Mikla. The sardine dish knocked my socks off! Add to this some wonderful Turkish wines and you have a superb evening, complete with a great view from the terrace. A very ejoyable evening - do not miss if you are in Istanbul!
Six stars for the view which is the best I have ever seen in my 56 years of wandering this planet. Not kidding. The BEST view ever and worth it just for that. The food is also very good. Lamb and fish were the best . Amazing rice pudding. Wonderful meal I will remember my whole life.Only draw back was a loud contingent of nouveaux riches Californians who induced one couple to change tables to get away from them. Quelle dommage!!
What an incredible experience! Prior to our trip to Turkey, Mikla was on our radar as one of the top 50 restaurants in the world and we were so excited we were able to snag a reservation a week prior to our visit. Very sexy atmosphere, the staff was wonderful and the food was incredible. I highly recommend if you have a chance to visit Istanbul, this experience would be well worth your time.
Amazing meal and view.  The 7 course tasting is wonderful.  The atmosphere and views were perfect.
The view, the food, the service:impeccable.Located at the top of the marmara pera hotel in istanbul the views are incredible. It was summer so we sat outside. Decor was incredible and the food Michelin star worthy.
We are fortunate to eat at some special restaurants globally. With that context, I can say that I enjoyed every bite of the tasting menu last night at Mikla.There was more than enough variety - local vegetables and herbs, seafood, and meat - and the braised lamb course, my favorite, was a perfectly executed, balanced, well-seasoned dish.The wine pairings were interesting enough, featuring all Turkish wines. I particularly liked the sparkling wine, the white blend that included Viognier, the red featuring the Öküzgözü grape, and the more than respectable late harvest dessert wine. A bit of a surprise that the consistency and quality were as high for a modestly-priced pairing.And, the dining room styling and gorgeous rooftops view over Istanbul completed a great experience. The primary server was cooler than I would like, seemingly going through a script, but the service standard was high enough.Overall, I highly recommend Mikla if you enjoy a Michelin-quality meal that is not traditionally Turkish but has its roots in Turkey and made from all local product.
5-star for ambience and service, 4-star for the dishes and presentation. Overall, we had a very enjoyable dinner at Mikla. The service from the host to our server were impeccable. I ordered the prawn and the braised lamb which were both well prepared. The dishes were also very well priced for a top-tier restaurant. The restaurant is located on the top floor of the Mamara Pera restaurant, so be sure to ask to be dropped off at the hotel.
Is it a top 50 restaurant in the world? In my opinion, no. However, it is still a truly great restaurant.Some restaurants are great for innovation. Mikla is great for having the best ingredients and preparing them well.
Incredible views of the city, paired with first class service, ingeniously delicious food, and wonderful wine pairing.Get a reservation before sunset, arrive early to have a drink on the rooftop before dinner, soak in the view.6 course tasting menu for 250tl plus 165tl for the wine pairing. I know this is not cheap compared to Turkish standards, but it felt like a bargain for someone from the states. The food and the service was definitely worth the price. The view tops it all off.
Oh come on Istanbul, is this really your candidate for the haute Turkish cuisine? If this is what the New Anatolian Kitchen will be about, I'd much rather stick to the good old version. Don't get me even started with their choices of paired wines.Right, they have an unmatched terrace with splendid views. But I suppose I wasn't entirely blown away with it to forget why I was there in the first place (dinner, perhaps?) and what they failed to deliver.
Hands down, Mikla lives up to the hype. Perfect sized portions, decent value for a price fixed menu and an amazing view! Their service is great and you need to make a reservation in advance. This is a place to ask for a window seat if available. I would recommend going to the terrace for a drink beforehand (try the ginger cocktail!) to enjoy the best view Istanbul has to offer. The hamsi for course one and the grouper for course two are both very good. And for dessert the rice pudding (sutlac) is out of this world. I have been twice, and can't wait to go for a third time. It's the perfect place to bring visitors for a elegant dining experience!Ps. Wear pants, no shorts allowed! Dress toImpress.
Mikla was an amazing experience with world class views. The guy at the front was a bit bouncerish but table service was on point. I highly recommend the tasting menus. There were 7 courses on the menu but with appetizers we ended up having 11 courses.
Firstly, do make a reservation. I made ours via email about a month before our trip. It is a popular place and most likely will not be able to get a table if you just show up.So on to our experience. Mikla is on the top floor of the Marmara Pera hotel. I believe it is 19th floor? The first thing you notice as you walk in is the amazing view of the city! If it is early enough you can walk out to the balcony and take pictures or just take it all in. We were there at 7pm and the sun was just about to set so very romantic. I think they close the door to balcony once it gets dark (there are tables there so people are already sitting).Their wine menu is quite impressive. We decided on glasses of different Turkish red wines, which we've never had before. They were delicious! For dinner we ordered the 3 Course a la Carte menu ($65 USD per person/ 175 TL). We had octopus, dried tenderloin from BIR; Lamb chop and monkfish from IKI; and UC (dessert) had the intense chocolate and apricot. Everything was excellent! I thought we would still be hungry because the size of the dishes are on the tiny side.. but we were stuffed just right. I thought the quality of the food and presentation was top notch.Service was world-class. Everything about our experience was just amazing and memorable. And best part is we always felt welcomed. You know how some places on this level you just feel out of place. Not here.. there was such variety of people dining there. It has such a thoroughly modern vibe to it that I really liked.So yes I highly recommend Mikla! I think it does make a "great last moment in Istanbul". Go and enjoy!
I'm writing a review for the rooftop bar, not the restaurant.Absolutely stunning view from the rooftop bar and definitely THE place to be to take photos of and enjoy the sunset over Istanbul. HOWEVER, don't get your hopes up to have a drink at the bar if it is fall/winter.  We went on a Thursday in November and the place was completely closed up and the restaurant didn't open till 6:30pm so post sunset.  Thank goodness we were still able to access the rooftop and see the sunset but no bar.As I wrote on an other review, we unfortunately bumped into a number of places that had great reviews on Yelp that were closed. I don't know if it is seasonal closing or all together closed but basically don't get your hopes up to go hear or somewhere else before calling to check if they are open first.
This was certainly the best food experience I had in Turkey and so far, among the best I had in my life. I would like to start saying that this is a great value experience, and what you pay is very fair for what you get.I emailed them from Brazil a few weeks before my trip to Istanbul and got a reservation without any problem. We arrived at the venue a few minutes before our reservation time and were warmly greeted by everyone in the staff. They offered us to enjoy a drink before dinner and watch the amazing sunset view, this was something we couldn't say no. My gin cocktail with hibiscus was well prepared and tasted delicious. The view is breathtaking, and this was certainly a big treat.Once we sat down we decided to go for the pre-fix menu where you can choose between an appetizer, a main course and dessert for 185 Turkish Lira. I choose Octopus (North Aegean Octopus, Sakız Artichoke, Nettle, Sucuk, Sour Cherry Vinegar), İskenderun Prawns (Humus, Sakız Artichoke, Fish Roe, Bolet Mushroom, Halhali Olive) and Chocolate (Intense Chocolate, "Birdshit" Pistachio Sour Plum, Blackberry Sorbet, "Hardaliye"). My company had Dried Tenderloin (Dried Beef Tenderloin, "Hardaliye", Sugar Snap Pea Humus, Farfara Root, Wheat), Braised Lamb (Cibes, "Birdshit" Pistachio, Cornelian Cherry, Salted Yoghurt, Unripe Almond, Cumin Crumb) and Sütlaç (Rice Pudding With Mastic, Roasted Hazelnut, Black Mulberry Crisp, Arap Kızı Apple Sorbet). All of the options were delicious but our favorite was by far the octopus. Service was outstanding, very polite and always offering to explain the dishes and that all of the ingredients were locally sourced.Total bill for two people was 485 Turkish Lira, including drinks and Turkish coffee. This is something like 140 US dollars. A great value for the experience we had. Completely recommend it.
Mikla is one of my favourite restaurants in Istanbul. Food, service, atmosphere is 5 stars. They have a fantastic tasting menu for about 225 TL and matching wines for 165 TL (we've been there last in May'16). It's worth every lira. This is a restaurant for a romantic cozy quiet dinner.I would definitely recommend going to the bar upstairs before dinner. It has a fabulous view, which is especially beautiful at the sunset. Bartender knows what he is doing, the drinks are great and are served quickly.The only little thing that I always find surprising at Mikla is that the waiters (in a typical old-fashioned Istanbul manner) very clearly prefer to communicate with male than female guests. So if there is a man at the table they will ask him "How do you like it?" and won't even look at the lady. This surprised me at first but it now happened few times so assume it's some kind of a rule in Mikla to talk to the "main" person. At the end, it's a minor issue, so I won't decrease stars for it.Make sure you make a reservation, it is a popular restaurant.
Probably the best view in Istanbul. Seven course meal with six course wine. No works to describe, sorry
Aside from Google maps failing us as we made our way there, it was a wonderful, wonderful night spent at Mikla. Fine dining on the rooftop level while overlooking the Bosphorus River that separates the European and Asian sides of Istanbul (Mikla is in  on the European side of the city) and without a pompous vibe? Yes, please. The chef hails from a combination of Turkish and Scandinavian backgrounds and serves to transform local ingredients into a contemporary twist. And, this concept works. He does the Istanbullus proud.From start to finish, every course featured local ingredients with a contemporary spin. Our bread platter came with Turkish olive oil, sea salt, goat cheese with toasted hazelnuts. Hazelnuts are fantastic in Turkey too, not just pistachios. The "half cooked Dentex" (and I just learnt that Dentex is a type of fish!) was served in fish consomme. The skin of the fish was charred until crispy and the meat was soft. The dry aged tenderloin was served; definitely very interesting and we saw that as the restaurant's own take to steak tartare. The lamb was very distinct with its very deep smoky flavor and not gamey. The sutlac was another attempt of turning a traditional dessert to a contemporary one. The rice pudding was deconstructed and served with green apple sorbet, strawberry puree, and graham cracker crumbs. The cheese platter greatly showcased several types of Anatolian cheese.Service was professional and definitely in no rush. This place may offer great views but it's not one of those cheesy rooftop touristy places. It has wonderful food!
Our one splurge in Istanbul.Unparalleled view. Michelin star quality food. Sophisticated dining to wow all your senses.The 3 course ala carte prix fixe is more than enough food. Everything was excellent. There was four of us, each had something different (just about) and not a single disappointment.My advice? Please show some respect and dress to impress. If I have to see another geriatric in a sweatshirt, grandpa/ma jeans and orthopedic sneakers ...Also? Make reservations, go early and nab a window seat. Get there 20 mins before sunset and have a drink at the terrace and soak in the view. Then, eat like a King!
Discussing food. Terrible service .bad maner manager. Nice view but Would Never Let You seated besides Windows even you booked a week ahead. Bad experience ever ！
The view is amazing but that is about it. I would highly recommend you to take the elevator to the roof terrace, take all the selfies you need and buy one overpriced drink. When that's done, take the elevator down and walk straight to [insert another Yelp-approved restaurant].The food you ask? Well, I had the tasting menu and I don't remember anything that I eat during my visit so I think I'll leave it like that. But the service, the service must have been good right? Nope, the service was actually just weird. Our assigned waitress was (I'm not joking here) _really_ clumsy and I think that was due to the fact that she was stressed. Why she only  felt that she had 10 seconds - to make our table, serve the food and explain it for us - I don't know since the place was at most 50% full.Conclusion, my take-aways apart from the bigger than expected hole in my wallet was the view (and the fact that I can't see this place ever getting a star if they don't do anything drastic about their service personnel).
The restaurant was recently ranked #96 in San Pellegrino's best restaurants in the world - the only one listed in Turkey. While I realize these lists are marketing exercises for the sponsor - I was really hoping to be blown away..but the reality was just a pretty good meal with a spectacular view of Istanbul and really good service. The chef, known for delving deep into the roots of Anatolian cuisine, put together an interesting menu...from Aegean octopus, local seafood, contemporary Turkish lamb dishes, and a nice array of Anatolian desserts. And while the food was nicely presented and solid, after the meal I didn't feel like I had "discovered" ancient or traditional Anatolian flavors like I had hoped.The wine list was international, but also included several pages of Turkish blends and single obscure varietal wines - however there was no sommelier so we got a few recommendations from the waiter. The recommended single varietal Turkish red was ok, but not complex - and a bit young, like most of the wines on the list with no real unique expression ...I probably wouldn't order it again.We thought 3 of the dishes were A-/B+ (octopus, lamb chop, and the mulberry soup dessert), and the other three more B or B- (lamb neck, dried tenderloin, rice pudding). Again, nicely presented, solid taste, but nothing a demanding a return to visit to explore the rest of the menu.It was a great night, a good meal, but I wonder if it's really the best of Istanbul.
Two words: rooftop bar! Awesome views of the bosphorous. The terrace is a bit small but if you're looking to impress or just see a gorgeous view, go there for a drink! A bit pricy, sure, but when in Istanbul!
We went to Mikla for dinner with a late-night reservation on our recent trip to Istanbul. It looked like a really nice restaurant online so we decided to check it out. Since we showed up a bit early, we went up to the bar for a few drinks beforehand. The view was really excellent and we were treated to a firework show over the Süleymaniye Mosque. The bartender was very friendly and when my drink was clearly taken (presumably on accident) by another group, he made me another one for free.The food itself at Mikla was excellent overall. We opted for the 7-course tasting menu which cost 250TL per person and we ordered a bottle of wine to accompany it. All of the food was delicious as was the wine. The service was a bit slow and inattentive which contrasted sharply from Nicole Restaurant which we also dined at on the trip.
So glad we started off our visit to Istanbul here!  We arrived a bit early for dinner and began by browsing the wine list at the bar while enjoying the view.  We chose a 2008 Primitivo and were served a 2006--a real bonus!  We ordered dinner from the prix fixe menu and the waiter was very helpful in accommodating my food allergies--the kitchen made adjustments seamlessly.  They even served amuse-bouche that I could eat.  The quality of the food was excellent; it was prepared perfectly and presented creatively.  I particularly enjoyed the sardines on toast presented standing up in river rocks.We left feeling satisfied but not uncomfortably full, in contrast to the usual sensation after a Turkish dinner.  Prices are a high but the experience is well worth it; everything was impeccable.  Our waiter was sharp--he spotted an error in our bill before we did, preventing an overcharge.  This is a great place for a special occasion--I cannot wait to return!
We were a party of 8 whereof 4 children. The staff paid excellent attention to our children and gave them an excellent service.About the food... an incredible mix of Anatolian cuisine with a Scandinavian touch.We want to come back!!!Thanks for a great service!!!!
Owned by one of the most known chefs in Istanbul, Mehmet Gürs is creating turkish-scandinavian courses as his background.Definitely worth a visit if the budget is not limited.
Excellent service, delicious and modern food with traditional Turkish roots, amazing view. What more can you ask for?We went on a Monday night and both the restaurant and roof bar were full. We did the 3 courses and wine pairing which was definitely worth the $$$. The waitstaff was attentive but let us take our time with dinner, we were seated facing the city view rather than the Bosphorus so we took several breaks to enjoy our wine on the patio and take in the view of Sulthanamet. If you reserve early you will have a better table, so call in advance.Then we headed up to the rooftop bar, which was worth the trip even if you don't want to shell out the cash for dinner. The only downside was that there didn't seem to be any locals there, it was 100% tourists.
Came here while on a business trip. We ordered the 7 course tasting but they allowed us to swap in a different dish and order an extra one (the octopus which was an amazing choice). All of the food was very well prepared and the portions and speed were just right. We were not too full nor were we waiting for long periods of time. The view from the top of the restaurant was amazing as you can see all the way to Galata tower. This would be a great place for a date rather than my business partners. I'd definitely come here again
Wow. I spent 4 months in Istanbul last winter and while I enjoyed much of the native Turkish fare (kebab,etc.) I really had a hard time finding exceptional cuisine. That was until I discovered Mikla. On the top floor of the Marmara Hotel in the Taksim area of Istanbul, the restaurant has almost 360° views of the entire city.The cuisine is Turkish-Scandanavian fusion which sounds strange but works out very well. My advice is to get the full tasting menu which can go toe-to-toe with any Michelin star menu in the world. All of the dishes are super creative and delicious from the vegetables to the meat. If I remember correctly I think you get 12 or so courses of wonder with the most expensive tasting menu. Despite the exotic theme, every dish has a familiarity about it that makes the food accessible to your more squeamish of eaters. Additionally their wine list is exceptional and will introduce you to the best Turkish wines.In terms of service, as with their food, it is equal in quality to any Michelin star restaurant.While pricey, Mikla is worth every penny if you're looking for some top-notch haute-cuisine in Istanbul. Hopefully the Michelin guide will discover them soon!
One of the most memorable meals I've had thus far in my life. Making the reservation was simple via email and we received one of the best tables in the place. We were seated on the outdoor terrace and the view is absolutely breathtaking. Our reservation was on the earlier side and we had the pleasure of watching the sun set over Istanbul; a truly unforgettable experience. However, the food also lived up to the hype. We opted for the tasting menu with wine pairings, which price wise is a steal if you're accustomed to comparable meals in major US cities. They threw in a few surprise courses not list on the menu, and the wine pairings complimented perfectly. All the wines were Turkish, which was a fun and educational experience as I was not familiar with many of them. If you find yourself in Istanbul, please do yourself a favor and make a reservation.
Six weeks ago, I went to Mikla the first time. A few days earlier, I had been to Leb-i Derya and really enjoyed it a lot - leading to a bit of a difficulty in making my mind up about Mikla. So I decided to wait for another dinner on the top of the Marmara Pera, and then write something.Well, yesterday was that second dinner. So here we go:Yes, it's a fine place to have a dinner. No doubt about it. You can taste and see and feel that they have a concept about what they do, and I haven't had anything there that would have disappointed me. Yesterday night was no different, and my friends felt the same way.We did the usual - bir, iki, üç - three courses, fixed price menu, which is, of course, appetizer, main course, and dessert.bir:The dried tenderloin with hummus was fine - contrary to other reviewers I really didn't mind that the tenderloin wasn't cut thin like Swiss Bündner Fleisch, but prepared like little thick pellets that could be decorated with the hummus and/or the "birdshit" paste (isn't there a more culinary name for it? it's funny, yes, but still a little strange).My colleagues were raving about the octopus, and I tried the bonito, it was really tasty too. It was a good start, and I had the feeling that they want to give us strong, but not all too intense taste sensation - or in other words, the cook seems to have a clear idea what he wants us to experience. Nice.iki:There is a nice selection of seafood dishes, and several lamb selections, but this time I went for the grilled beef tenderloin with the potato and bergama tulum cheese terrine, onions, mushrooms, and spinach. Delicious. Great meat, expertly grilled, and the terrine is a tasty addition. The reduced Çalkarası wine sauce was very reduced and was almost preferring to stay on the plate rather than acoompanying the meat, but it was delicious. It would have been better if the dish had reached me a little earlier. Which leads me to my first bit of slight criticism. When the main courses reached our table, the head waiter wanted to serve them, but somehow the plates must have been mixed up, and he got massively angry with the other waiter, leaving our table, cursing the other waiter, and placing our dishes at the bar next to us. This is a scene that just shouldn't be witnessed by guests, especially not if the reduced wine sauce turns into something like a paste when it's waiting on the bar, abandoned by the head waiter. But just a few moments later, the mixup was fixed and everybody had the right dish.On my first night at Mikla, I had the Iskenderun prawns - they were quite delicious too, and my colleague tried the Dentex (yes, it's a fish, even though the name would suggest something completely different) - a fine selection too. So if you want to eat something that you probably can't get around where you live, try the Dentex. White fish with a firm texture, ideal for being grilled.üç:Dessert is just marvelous. I do have a mixed image of dessert in Turkey, some of the traditional dishes are a little too syrupy for me, a good bit too sweet. But the selections at Mikla are all really delicious, as if the chef had reserved the largest part of his creative talent for this section of the menu.I really loved the warm mulberry soup with cinnamon crumbs and tahini ice cream - so wonderfully not-sweet, very rich in aroma. The chocolate mousse was closer to a truffe cake, and I clearly didn't mind, and the pomegranate sorbet was delicious. Sour apple sorbet, bulghur ice cream, candied pumpkin, grape molasses, sesame paste - just reading the ingredients of the items on the dessert menu gives you an idea how it is not the usual sugar attack on your senses.The surroundings:Of course, you get a magnificent view from up there, and you should really consider having your aperitif on the terrace outside. Generally, you do get a good service, and the waiters will be very happy to tell you more about the dishes they serve you. At times, they can be a little bit rushed, hard to get, impatient, and the head waiter seems to be a little short tempered. Plus - they should have someone that is really deeply knowledgeable about the Turkish wines on the list. We are lost otherwise.The place is popular, and as a consequence it's quite busy. If you have the bad luck of being placed next to a group of 20 business people, you might not have the exquisite experience you should expect for the price. And it is a pricey affair. Maybe that's why I hesitated to write about Mikla three days after Leb-i Derya - I had a wonderful evening there, with great food, but paid massively less.The Mikla is aiming high, with the concept, the quality, and the service - and they have to have a really good night every night. Reportedly, they normally do. My two nights weren't perfect, had a few glitches, and still the food was great, the evening a nice memory.On a really good night, I'd gladly give them a fifth star.
We crashed to this amazing restaurant on our first night in Istanbul. The foods, the wines, the service,  the top roof view , all are amazing! Come at sunset!
On the top floor of the Marmara Pera hotel, Mikla serves up perfect modern Mediterranean cuisine to an international clientele. The chef strictly use the top-notch ingredients. Kıvırcık lamb cutlets is a favorite choice. Also follow it with pistachio and halva ice cream and it'll be your new addiction. The rooftop in summer, inside in winter time and make sure to ask for a table with a view of the Old City.
Very cool place with the food and service to match. We ordered the 3 course prix fixe with wine pairing and cheese/honey plate. Despite the level of food and decor, Mikla is not pretentious. Like most everything and everyone in Istanbul, it is very welcoming. I look forward to eating there again on my next trip.
Outstanding view of the city, great environment and atmosphere and a great selection of food.  You won`t regret. My wife and I had a wonderful night in this restaurant.
I came here just for drinks on the rooftop. When you get off the elevator, take a sharp left and then another sharp left up a flight of stairs, this will lead you to the rooftop area with its own bar. I suggest going just for drinks as of course this place is very pricey and the rooftop bar has the best view anyway. Fantastic view of the whole city, we actually (surprisingly) came with a local and he said the roof is always not crowded everytime he has come, so you can probably count on having an easy time coming and getting a spot. I had a glass of wine for 24tl, so about $12 dollars (reasonable by NY standards) The wine goes up from there. Altogether for the glass of wine, a gin&tonic and a Jack Daniels it came to 80tl. Cost more than dinner but what can you expect from a rooftop! Great view, good place for an early drink but it doesn't get wild up there so may want to go elsewhere after.
Amazing views and decor, felt like we were in a trendy place stateside. The food was expertly presented as the service was fantastic- overall a great stop on any visit to Istanbul.What I had:- cold fish soup which was like a fishy tasting civiche- the dried beef tenderloin which reminded me of a tender fuet- the bluefin fish which was a little fishy and not as flakey as I would have liked but good and served with wonderfully prepared lentils- and the chocolate dessert which was like eating a solid chocolate bar -too dense in my opinion.PS Birdshit = hummus
This restaurant has a beautiful, chic rooftop bar with phenomenal views of the city. Drinks are priced accordingly, but it's worth it for a romantic, leisurely evening. Great to take in after dinner out in Beyoglu. Just take a left out of the elevator to find the stairs to the roof. There is also a lovely restaurant on the floor below for those who are hungry.
Spectacular views, outstanding service, world class cuisine.  I can not praise our experience here enough. If you are worried about the price point then don't... this place was worth every lira.
4.5 Review. We spent our May Bank Holiday weekend in Istanbul with some friends. In rare fashion, we actually did a small amount of research so it wasn't our usual "Walk Until We See Something Cool" exploration. I read several articles around the top restaurants in Istanbul and one that seemed to be on every list, was Mikla. I expected something this well known must be a huge tourist trap but it got rave reviews and had a lovely menu so figured, why not? The first thing you notice when you walk into the restaurant is the view. It is on the top floor of the Marmara Pera Hotel and you can see for miles and miles. We decided to place our food orders and then take the wine to the outside terrace while we waited. Enjoying wine outdoors = nice. Enjoying wine outdoors, on a rooftop, while watching the sun set over the Bosphorus = EPIC. For the meal we went with the Prix Fixe a la carte option so each of us selected our own three courses. For a starter, two of us ordered the Octopus, one ordered the Balık Ekmek and the fourth ordered the beef tenderloin and humus. I found the octopus really nice - good texture and tossed in a lemon sauce. I did not try the beef but my friend seemed to enjoy it and the other starter was some kind of a smoked fish on bread. For mains we had a nice variety with the Grouper, Lamb Shank, Trakya Kıvırcık, and Beef. My grouper was delicious. It came with fava beans, asparagus and some kind of vinaigrette. A little on the rare side but extremely enjoyable. J had the Trakya Kivircik which was Shredded Lamb Shank with mushrooms and green lentil humus. So tender and well seasoned - definite winner. Our friends had the Lamb Shank and Beef which they devoured nearly as quickly as we did, so I'd say good reviews on that front as well. To end our evening I was the odd man out as everyone else ordered the chocolate dessert. It was a delicious mousse of sorts with unique flavors and a strawberry sorbet - and don't worry - the "birdshit" was made from pistachios. I went with the sour cherry dessert and loved every bite. Honey ice cream with cherry compote, almonds and graham cracker like crumbs. Mikla is definitely one of the more expensive places to eat in Istanbul but had high quality food, great service and a memorable view so I would highly recommend.
this place easily has the best views in istanbul, a must
We had drinks at the rooftop bar: stunning views, great cocktails and friendly staff.  5 stars!
a triumph in the kitchen, service, location and views. enjoyed the tasting menu which delivered excellence and surprise at every turn. stunning views over istanbul, with a small terrace section. service is attentive and professional. mikla does cheeky interpretations of classic ottoman, turkish ingredients. bar on the 17th floor is perfect for after dinner. fairly priced. a must experience.
great spot. make a reservation. place was pretty packed on a monday night w locals. lamb is the way to go here. chicken was pretty good but i regret not ordering two types of lamb. mezze very good. good environment and service.
With 2 locations in Istanbul Zübeyir Ocakbaşı comes from brothers Hamit and Zübeyir Bey, the relative newness of a Restaurant opened in 2005 in no way suggesting that either space lacks the skills or Ingredient sourcing offered at places that have been around for a hundred years or more.Masters of the grill since the mid-1980s, a philosophy of "service to God is service to humanity" overlying modern and traditional Turkish fare, it is with complimentary Tea that many will begin and end their meal while service is exceedingly pleasant regardless of language barriers.Well-priced for an upscale eatery on the Anatolian side, Appetizer 65-70 Turkish Lira and grilled Meats roughly 200-240, it is while Lamb, Beef and Chicken sizzle beneath a tremendous copper hood that guests are treated to delicacies such as Cheese, Tzatziki or spicy Aubergine alongside housemade Bazlama Bread.Taking no shortcuts, even paper-thin Yufka made on-site, Meats arrive still piping hot alongside long Peppers, roasted Tomatoes and Onions perfumed with Za'atar such that Kebap can be eaten alone of the skewer or loaded onto Bread with a choice of Spices or leftover Spreads.
The best grilled lamb chops are here! This restaurant was recommended by a local resident and the food is delicious. Plenty of outdoor seating and an indoor area. Fresh bread and quality meats. Just to note, they charge a cover and service charge.
We had reservations made one year ago to sit in front of the usta.  What a phenomenal experience to watch a master at work and to sample each of his specialities. The Merlot was so good with each meat.  I know I won't be able to find it at home so I enjoyed it in the moment.
The food was ok. However, the service has lots of room for improvement. For example, the typical tea after the meal is not served and I had to ask for it. I was seated in the corner and there was a bad smell coming out of a small door, even though the restaurant was not really full.
Got a mixed grill platter with lamb shish, lamb chops and Adana kebob. Everything was well prepared , juicy and tasty . Would come back for sure .
The food and service were great.Everything was well prepared , juicy and tasty .https://buyozempiconlinecanada.com/
Best BBQ I've had in the world. Everything was amazing. Had chicken wings, lamb chops, beef and chicken kebab! Loved it! Walked in with no reservation on Saturday night and they went out of their way to accommodate us. Staff was super friendly too. Walked out with a food coma but it was so worth it. Ate way too much so I should probably walk to my hotel tonight.
The Adana kababs were dry . Was a great restaurant now mediocre . The shish lamb was excellent.The service was also mediocre.Ambiance is also ok but we got a window seat so that was nice .
This restaurant is high on my list of "Must Eat" restaurant. So its fitting that it is out first meal as soon as we arrived in Istanbul.Tip:*Make reservations in advance. This place does gets very crowded, very popular with the locals.*We arrived for dinner at around 2100 and we were seated right away.Our server was a wonderful man, very friendly and helpful. He recommend a few items for us to try for appetizers.Let me tell you, the best kebak ever! We ordered the Mix Grill Kebab and the Chicken Wings. Both was perfection, flavorful, moist and juicy. Amazing way to start our trip. So impressed that we went back for two more times before we went back home. Highly recommended and should not be miss.
I was looking for a good traditional food in Tuksim square for reasonable price ( not touristic) and found it... great food and their traditional Ayran is a  must try.People were nice and welcoming as well.
This is by Far the best kabob in Turkey perhaps even better than Iraq where I thought they had the best kabob.The quality is insane here, with amazing talent in creating this food. First of all lets talk about their mezas. Its simple and classic, tomatos with some kind go herbs and pomegranate meioses but the flavors are elevated here. Moreover, the yogurt with some kind go herbs and olive oil is insanely delicious and not to mention thee smoky eggplant with olive oil ( we ordered three rounds of mezas )The lamb chops are the best I have ever had in my life although I lived in Iraq for years where they have the best lamb ( as I thought ) Moreover, The spicy kabob which I think is called Adana kebab is an absolute mystery of flavors. those two are not to be missed.
The food and service were great. Everything came out hot and fresh.  The flavors were so intense and perfectly balanced.
Excellent excellent excellent foodService was excellentLamb chop out of this worldLoved itHighly recommended
The food here was pretty good. We got the lamb chops and Ali Nazek. The lamb chops were a bit too lamby in flavor but cooked well. Ali Nazek was delicious and meat was marinated very nicely. We also got an appetizer.
Pro tip:- Reserve in advance- The best chicken of my life. The beef wasn't greatAs a true carnivore, I love to eat chicken the most. So I'm not taking this lightly when I say this is probably one of the best chicken dishes I've ever had. It's the combination of super tender, grilled with a little crispy edge and a right balance of flavor with a kick of spice.  If you do indeed order the chicken dish, you would get a side of medium spicy green peppers and grilled tomatoes.However, my wife ordered the beef and it was a little dry. So if anything, it's a hit a miss type of place.This place does get busy so highly recommend to make reservations the morning of or show up at an off time.Service wise: they are friendly and cracking light hearted jokes
I had my first meal in istanbul here. It was so good that I came back at the end of the night to bring food back to the hotel. Excellent way to start my trip. Tried several of the kebabs-- the meat was so flavorful and delicious.
Lamb steak was tasty . I'd say there were several  pieces of lamb. Salad was served as garnish.( pinion, some herbs). The price was 200 TL ( it's ok) . It's better to seat outside as it is a bit noisy inside .
This place was amazing. The only restaurant we went to a second time while we were visiting Istanbul. Chicken shish was the favorite, but the lamb was recommended and also very good. We liked the chicken shish with a side of the van tzatziki (has olive oil on top). Highly recommend if you are staying in or visiting the Taksim area
Typical Turkish kebap house. No fish dishes involved at this location. All kinds of Shish kebap and other meat varieties can be tasted here.Reservation is necessary.
I love my Turkish BBQ, the Turks know how to do it right!After landing in Istanbul, our first stop was Zübeyir Ocakbaşı for dinner. Arrived at 7:30 pm with no reservations. The hostess was able to accommodate our party of 3 and sat us upstairs.From the get-go I noticed that heavenly aroma of grilled meats in the air. Both the top and bottom floor will have a grill right smack in the center for patrons see witness that pornography of charred meat and juices dripping and flaming the hot coals. Oh wow.Our waiter was very pleasant. We are a bunch of Turkish food newbs who knew nothing about what we were ordering. He was able to provide recommendations on drinks, kebaps and dessert. We ended up ordering an ensemble of meats and wash everything down with lots of Raki. Our walk back to the hotel was interesting for sure.
We had a great dinner here and although we didn't have a reservation on a busy Thursday night, they managed to squeeze us in.  We had front row seats around the grill pit.  The only draw back is if you are sitting in the center, versus the ends, it does get quite warm!The food was delicious, we had the meatballs and the lamb, along with tsaziki and grilled vegetables.   We didn't find it that overpriced as other reviewers were saying. We paid 160tl for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 glasses of wine.
We had dinner here on our last night in Istanbul and came across it while walking.The service staff and atmosphere were amazing and helpful. There were a lot of locals in there which is always a good sign that the place is good.Now the food - this is a meat lovers dream menu. A lot of lamb, chicken and beef.We took the mixed kebab and lots of little sides.Note that they do not serve rice or chips. But the bread is all you need fresh and cooked in front of you.Our experience was perfect and definitely worth another visit.
Good: quality, taste, deliciousness, neat atmospheres with open grillBad: overpriced (for what they charge you can get at least double elsewhere). Cold shoulder service especially if you are not a big spender. And they charge MANDATORY 10% TIP regardless of party size.And FYI for you adventurous types who think you want to try the local alcoholic drink Raki (aka lions milk), I hope you have a liking for licorice.
I had a pretty bad experience here. I was so looking forward to dinner and while the food was good, it's very overpriced for Istanbul prices because they know they're famous so they'll double your price.Then I got treated so coldly as a single diner. Looking at the other diner's warm reception compared to mine was startling! My credit card didn't work because they were having problems with their machines and they took out their exasperation on me. If that wasn't enough, they also tack on a 4 Lira fee for water (which costs like 1 lira outside ...) and for bread service.Excuse me, but you didn't even serve me bread since the service was so awful.I'm disappointed I wasted one of my meals here. Was the food good? Yes. Was the experience awful? Definitely.
Don't order beer from this place. They bring it with a fly in it and make you pay for the replacement! Assholes. Everyone is rude....saying..."me no problem". We didn't even bother ordering food since everything seems to come with a side of complimentary fly!
I came here on my second night in Istanbul by the recommendation of Lonely Planet. It was the third restaurant on Lonely Planet's "best restaurant list," but I might have to write to the Lonely Planet authors and tell her to move this to #1!Definitely make a reservation, even if you're eating solo. This place is packed every night, even on the week nights -- I know: I ate there for three nights in a row. By the recommendation of the waiter, I had the lamb sis & shepherd's salad (30TL and 10TL respectively = $14.68). The lamb sis...was probably the best tasting meat I have ever had in my young adult life.  It's marinaded deliciously, incredibly succulent, and grilled to perfection (juicy and pink on the inside). I rolled my eyes back with every bite I took.  It was probably one of the best dinners I've ever had in my life. I highly highly highly recommend eating at this particular restaurant.The second night I ate here, I had the chicken sis. Still delicious, but not as amazing as the lamb sis.  The third night I came here, I had the lamb sis again!  Also, the check already comes with the gratuity included in your bill.If you're trying to find this place, here are the directions. Walk down Istiklal Cadessi from Taksim Square. Once you see the Adidas store on your left, make a right turn.  (If you pass the McDonalds on your left, you've gone too far). Walk down the street and pass the first intersection. Zübeyir Ocakbasi is on your right.
We were in Taksim looking for a restaurant. This had good reviews so we tried it. I was in the mood for some meats!I believe the restaurant is 3-4 levels? Tables are really close to each other. It was super busy but after 5 minutes we got seated. At first I was not too happy because we were sat next to the grill. Which is really hot. And there were runaway fire flickers LOL. But after a while we really enjoyed ourselves. It could have been the raki!I thought the whole experience was just so cool. Watching the master griller right in front of us. The atmosphere of the place was just like being in a faraway land. It felt so much like a vacation (but it was mostly locals there). I loved it!Oh and the food! We ordered combination grilled meats- beef, chicken, lamb. Then some veggie sides. So so good. Very flavorful, fresh, delicious.I very much highly recommend this place! Go and enjoy the experience.
So the thing that you have to do first as soon as you get to Istanbul is go to Zubeyir Ocakbasi!!! The best meat, staff and atmosphere!  Wanna try turkish cuisine? The right choice to start with. Thank you so much for the amazaing dinner! 10 out of 10!
The absolutely best lamb chops I've ever had. The staff was great and the prices were perfect (cheap US dollars). I highly suggest this place.
Everything was super tasty!! Probably some of the best lamb I have had in a really long time. The salads were really good to add on--especially the eggplant. Ask for the chili sauce to make everything pop!!
Delicious Turkish food! The wait service is very good and friendly. We came here for our first nights dinner and we were well fed and the prices were very good (in USD).
The best kebab place for sure! The way they treat lamb is just unbelievable. Must try kidneys and liver!!! And this desert Semolina is just piece of heaven!Service is descent, great atmosphere with open grill in the middle of the eating room.
Good as ever. Was here three years ago and it was good enough to come back today. The roasted eggplant seem a bit different than last time but I could have ordered a different dish. Get the bbq whatever your preference of protein is. It's yummy.
Food and ambiance is very nice but I ordered a mix platter for 3 and the portioned seemed a bit small from the pictures. Overall, I was very happy with food and service.
My high expectation probably the reason it is 4 stars.  Service was great, portion was good, food was hot from the grill, but didnt really standout from the rest of the kebabs i tried.  I guess after eating kebabs everyday in istanbul makes the taste buds adjust and everything taste the same.  I had mixed grill and it was just ok, it reminds me of chinese bbq food stall in ny queens.
This place is awesome. My wife and I tried it 3 times in our five days stay in Istanbul. I like the decoration and the atmosphere specially the indoor barbecue set. Make sure not to miss lamb chop and minced kebab. Those are the best meats I've ever tried. The beard covered with pepper is best with meza.Also Staffs are friendly and kind.
Great place if you want to have some traditional, high-quality kebab. As a Turk living in USA, I enjoy coming here every time I visit my family. Their mezes and Adana are especially good. Don't forget to have some raki to go with it.  Highly recommended.
Very small portion. I have ordered lamb ribs and literally got 4 small bones with nearly no meat.. Not very friendly and adding the tips to the bill without even telling you. We went to next door kebab to get the durum for 6 Trl.Prices are higher in English menu ! Strongly don't recommend!!!!
Went here on a Saturday night. It was very busy. The restaurant is at multiple levels. They have a 'grill' on each floor. The food is traditional kebab style food. It is very tasty and we had a great selection. For dessert we had a selection of fresh fruits, very nice and fresh. Try the Raki with the meal.
We stumbled across Zubeyir thanks to our rambling around Istiklal and of course Yelp. We ordered the Yoghurt with Red Pepper and lamb kebab and both were out of this world.Unfortunately we had to rush off but we would definitely recommend sticking around and enjoying the Ockabasi preparation of the food. Much like a sushi bar, the chef prepares the meat in a fire pit right in front of you. Can be a bit stifling on a hot day.
One of my favorite stops in Istanbul.  The lamb kabob was really expertly seasoned and grilled, coming out with a nice char but still plenty moist.  The bread was perfectly warmed and crisped on the grill and soaked up all the juices from the meat, which really made the meal!  It's one of the more popular places (at least for tourists in the know) and I think the meal I had really stands up to that reputation.
Was walking around the Taksim Square and decided to look on yelp for a recommendation of restaurant, we gladly found Zübeyir Ocakbaşı just around the corner. The atmosphere here is great, you can sit around stoves to see how your meat is cooked. We ordered the chicken kebabs and lamp chop. The lamp chop is highly recommended, I've never eaten such fresh and juicy lamp chop, nothing gamy.
Great food and nice ambiance.. very old and rustic interior I love it!! They bbq kebap on a charcoal the best way you can cook kabap right in front of you!!
Awesome！Best food I taste in last one week！Gracelful environment，delicious Turkish tea，bread，lamb steak，chicken sishe，banana dessert.Great！I came there 5pm，thanks to the waiter though I had no reservation there and acquired opportunity to enjoy the food.Nice service as well.Marvelous experience.
Great meal and nice place to escape a chilly evening.  Food was delicious.We sat at the grill and sampled way too many foods - from the eggplant to the yogurt to the special salad.  All the meats were delicious and the Raki was good too.Love this place and try and get there each time I go to Istanbul.
Maybe every restaurant in Istanbul is this great, or maybe this one is unique. In either case, it was fantastic. We stopped in here for our first dinner in town. The service was excellent and the host managed to find a table for two in the labyrinth of stairways, chairs, and grills. It was quite busy on a Tuesday night, so I'm guessing reservations are a must for weekends. We ordered two types of lamb, grilled aubergines, and something that appeared to be yogurt with roasted red peppers. I don't recall the names, but they were all excellent.
Not expected as reviewed! I didn't like the taste of Lamb Chop and my girlfriend had Adana kebab was not appealing at all.
In preparing for our trip to Istanbul, we heard good things about Zubeyir Ocakbasi -- and we are happy we tried it!  We were staying near Taksim Square, so this was a short walk from our hotel.  It is tucked in a side street, so you'll need to be on the lookout for the restaurant.  The restaurant itself is cozy and a fun experience.  There are open air grills on each floor, so you can watch all the cooking and grilling action.As a party of four, we ordered the pumpkin hummus (good, but not remarkable) and the Shepherd salad (tomatoes, cucumbers, herbs, onions... our favorite type of salad in Turkey!) to start.  Then... on to the meat!  The grilled kebabs and meats were certainly the highlight of the meal.  We shared everything family style and the meats came out with a variety of vegetables (onions, hot peppers, tomatoes) sprinkled with sumac and a pile of thin breads and pitas.  I loved how succulent the lamb chops were.  My fellow diners enjoyed the lamb liver.  We also ordered two other meat items. Somehow we were still hungry after chowing down on our main meat course (maybe all that sightseeing!), and decided to order the grilled chicken wings.  Best decision ever.  Dry-rubbed and then grilled, the chicken wings were light, juicy, and delicious.  Surprisingly one of my most favorite dishes from our trip to Istanbul.  Who knew!Definitely recommend!
Simply one of the best grilled kebabs I ever had. So simple but amazing and true TURKISH cuisine.
All the classic meze are here, the Kofte are really good. The staff is attentive. But it's not the kind of place I would especially go for.
While my husband and I were in Istanbul, we met up with my good friend from New York's brother and his wife. They told us they had the perfect place to take us-- one of their favorites-- Zubeyir Ocakbasi!They did the ordering-- first a big place of assorted cuts of meat, all perfectly cooked. (They have an exposed grill where you can watch the cook in action). They insisted we try the lamb liver, to which C and I chuckled because we'd had lamb liver overload the night before. But they insisted this is the BEST in town-- and it really was even better than what we'd had the night before at Asmali Cavit. A must try for sure!The spicy eggplant dip was the perfect accompaniment to the very thin flatbead they serve, and they also ordered what might've been the best grilled onions I've ever had. (I know, right?? How on earth could simple grilled onions be so delicious?? I still wonder!) We also got a seemingly simple salad with tomato, and onion tossed in pomegranate molasses and topped with tons of shredded parsley. UNBELIEVABLE. I immediately got some pomegranate molasses when I returned to the States.A few glasses of raki later, we emerged onto the street and I understood why they call the stuff lion's milk...I'd say this is one of my top recommendations from our time in Istanbul!!
My favorite restaurant in Istanbul. On my twice yearly trip to Istanbul from Los Angeles, I eat at Zubeyir 3-4 times each trip. I was introduced to this great restaurant by a fiend during their first seversl month of opening 8-10 years ago. Best kebabs in Istanbul.
I tried the special salad upon recommendation. It looks similar to shepherd salad but tastes strong with sweet, sour and slightly spicy tastes mixed together.  The mixed kebab is delicious! When I went to the place for lunch, all guests were foreign tourists. It justified the price a bit I guess.
I was recommended to this place by our hotel. We arrived on a Friday night and was turned away because we did not have reservations. The next night we tried our luck and they fit us in - we had an hour to eat before the next reservation so we took it. And boy was it delicious. The staff were really nice and really tried to find a table for us. Even though we had an hour it did not feel like they rushed us in any way. For appetizers we ordered the red peppers with yogurt and the special salad (which consisted for herbs and tomatoes and spice) - both were really good and really delicious mixed together with bread. For the mains we got the chicken shish and the lamb shish (chopped small). Best meats we've had in Istanbul. Boyfriend tried and liked the raki. Nice atmosphere. Wanted to go here again the next night but decided to expand our horizons some more :)
A nice restaurant but left us waiting for our food. We dined here on a whim hence no reservations but we were lucky enough to get seated. The host told us they were booked but they can accomodate us only for an hour. We did not plan on lounging or hanging out the restaurant so we jump on the proposal. They sat us down and gave us the Bazlama to munch on with our yogurt dip. Time passed.....20 minutes....30 minutes...and 40 minutes went by with no kebab! The last 3 days at different restaurants, our food were ready in 15-20 minutes max. What took so long? I am unsure. The food was good but nothing extraordinary. Just as good as the other restaurants we visited while in Istanbul. With a long wait, perhaps not worth it. As for the restaurant, it was cozy on a rainy winter evening having the grill in the middle of the dining rooms. Yeep they have the upper dining room to accomodate the guests. However, I could imagine the ambiance during summertime.Overall, good restaurant but the kitchen can facilitate the cooking of the food quicker. If you decide to check it out, make sure you make a reservation.
The place is conveniently located near Taksim Square and decided to check it out on behalf of a local's recommendation. As you enter the restaurant, there is a view of the cook grilling all sorts of meats and thought that was pretty awesome! The decor also seemed simple and authentic. My friends and I shared the lamb, eggplant and the red pepper yogurt dipping sauce. All three items were pretty good! For dessert, we had a very delicious Ekmek Kadayif (Turkish bread pudding) accompanied by Yeni Raki (Turkish anise-flavoured spirit). Overall, this place is a must try!
Everything was so nice food was delicious and really good. I can say it's the best kebab and meats I ever ate
I had kebab at many different places in Turkey, but this is hands down, by far, the best. I had the mixed kebab and it was a delightful mix of flavor, spice and wonder. I still dream of this kebab and am somewhat saddened that I will probably never have such an extraordinary kebab again in my life :( It is truly a dish to be savored and remembered. You are forever in my heart, you magnificent mixed kebab.
Very good service, the food quality is excellent. I would recommend this place to anyone. If you are in Istanbul, find this place and order the egglant.
Gotta visit this place. Kabob is really good as well as mezes. The best table is on the top floor where there are no grills hence not that hot. The prices could be exaggerated depending on the orders. Make sure you know the price of what you are ordering.
Came here while visiting Istanbul.  I was at another restaurant when a stranger gave my friends restaurant suggestions.  This place is in a small street.  Not a lot of folks knew the place by name so make sure to take the address down.  The food and service was impeccable!  So glad we came here.  Make sure to ask for Ali.  He was great.  I had a vegetarian friend with me and he was so accommodating (and not the typical offering of a salad).  Ali gave us a variety of dishes to try including their eggplant appetizer and mixed grill.  The mixed grill had so much flavor and a kick to it.  Being South Asian, I was craving a bit of spice in my food.  He topped us with Turkish red wine that was just right for our dinner. This restaurant has excellent service and I highly recommend to anyone visiting.  Supas Ali! (thank you)
Good but over rated. Get the lamb chops and the mezzes yogurt with peppers and mountain salad. Skip the Adana kababs ours was 90% fat. Our waiter tolerated us but his attention was on the other tables who were big drinkers and spending more.
5 stars! Lots of tourists go to zubeyir. You need to make reservation before you go there. Small and intimate restaurant. The owner and chef is on the grill, cooks the meat. The mezzes are good but nothing special. Try all the meat dishes. If you have to narrow it down then have the kebap, lamb ribs and cop sis.
My husband and I loved Zubeyir and it was the best meal we had while in Istanbul! It is conveniently located near Taksim Square - a great tourist spot, and the grilled platter was amazing. The mixed grill platter basically gives you a little of everything on the grill and was tender, succulent, and flavorful. The ambiance was nice, too.
On a recent (March 2015) visit to Istanbul, I had the pleasure of dining at Zubeyir Ocakbasi at the recommendation of someone who had spent a lot of time in Istanbul over several years. That first dinner was so delicious and was so memorable that we returned a couple of nights later. Zubeyir is located on a side street off the Istiklal, a short walk from Taksim Square.Each time we dined there, we were a party of 5. Although a very large grill is a prominent feature in the first floor dining area, and although the meats were great (more on that later), we took a "small plates" approach to dinner, ordering quite a few mezze / appetizers, and supplementing that with 2 or 3 meat entrees. Our mezze included a yogurt / cucumber dish (van cacik) that resembled the Greek dish tzatziki, an eggplant / aubergine spread, a very good chard dish with a tangy dressing, and a seasonal pumpkin spread. All were very tasty, and each was served with a basket of bread that was replaced as we used the bread as a base for the mezze. Our meat entrees included a lamb kebap. I've eaten a lot of lamb over the years, but this featured the most flavorful and tender lamb I've ever had. The meat entrees were served with several grilled vegetables (peppers, green onions, etc.) that were appropriately cooked and bore a nice hint of smoke from the grill.No dinner at Zubeyir is really complete without a Raki or two. Raki is an anise flavored drink, comparable to ouzo, that is usually served mixed roughly 50/50 with water, with a few ice cubes added. Very tasty, deceptively strong, and a perfect complement to the food. The ultimate question with any restaurant is whether you would return, given the opportunity and the alternative choices. I would definitely return to Zubeyir.
We came without a reservation and they graciously seated us at the grill. The kebabs were delicious. Many locals made it an interesting experience. Our server spoke English well. The service left something to be desired, but it was an overall good experience. Highly recommend.
What a beautiful, delicious breakfast. We ordered the Turkish Breakfast for Two - which was SO much food. Standouts were the grilled halloumi, simit, the candied chestnut, the pancake (potato) and the kaymak. Honestly - everything was perfect. Also got a tangerine-pomegranate juice - fresh squeezed and with lots of pulp - outstanding. Also orderedan omelette - delicious but not necessary - we had too much food! Cute location. The service was excellent.
- Too expensive for traditional Turkey food.- Obviously target western tourist.- so much flys if you sit at the outdoor seating- Wi-Fi doesn't workThere're better places to go tbh.
This is such a cute place! It does have a more modern feel and has a nice vibe. They have plenty of sittings inside and outside. Cafe Privato serves Turkish breakfast all day, which is really cool if you are not an early riser. I did find their Turkish breakfast offering more "sweet" things that I would like but it was really good. Plenty of various dishes to choose from, and it is very reasonably priced (maybe sightly more expensive than other similar places in the area).Overall, I definitely recommend checking it out if you are in the area!
Sure, I've seen some of the other reviews saying the prices were a bit high for typical Turkish food, but this place does it better. The staff, the experience, the food, Cafe Privato has it all and does it better. We've been multiple times and will definitely be back next time we're in Istanbul.
This was an amazing place! Such lovely and cozy place! Amazing Turkish breakfast! Friendly staff! Totally recommend!
Saw this place on YouTube and Ive always wanted a solid Turkish bfast, so we gave it a shot. Walked from Galata tower down a small street and saw the couch outside luckily. Nice and quiet and not too bright at all, they use brown paper to cover the tables and you can write something on it after and tape it to the wall. We just got the Turkish bfast and it was ALOT of food. Fried eggs, cheeses, bread, syrups, olives, fruit etc... Great food and the kids working there were also very nice and accomodating.. next time I'm in istanbul I'll be coming back here again.
The Turkish breakfast is a feast! The servers are very accommodating and the space is attractive.
Date of visit: May 31, 2021Attached to this review are menu photos and a few interior pictures.Prices are in Turkish Lira. At the time the USD/Lira conversion rate was $1/8.57 Lira.Cafe Privato's is such a wonderful little gem in the very lower Taksim area of Istanbul. We went for in for brunch and we're not disappointed in anyway.The seating capacity is about 25-30 people. It has a small garden area off the back door and a view of the Galata Kulesi (tower) built back in 1348.We were seated immediately. A bottle of water was brought out while we chose what we were going to eat. The menu has an English description beside most things.I am a sucker for great french fries, and I saw a plate of them on another table. Immediately I could tell these were hand cut, fried to the perfect crispness. I ended up ordering 2 plates full for us to split.I ordered the Sefin Tabagi dish (Cafe Privato's chef specialty dish). It has a few meats and a few small portions of their other specialties.Good heavens, each one was simply incredible and not one of them disappointed in anyway.They brought out a small bowl of house soup for us prior to the main meal. I have no idea what it was, and I have never had anything like it before. It had an extremely subtle taste to it but very fulfilling.It paired well with the fresh baked bread brought with it.My guest had the Manti (little meat filled ravioli with tomato sauce and a yogurt based topping.He finished his meal off with a cup of the Turkish coffee.He said everything he had was truly fantastic as well.If you want a fantastic meal you have to visit this place. Everything they brought out to other tables looked amazing as well
I visited this cafe while in Istanbul. We had breakfast at cafe Privato. Great food, great service, and good ambiance.
What an amazing experience! We stumbled across this gem on our first morning in Istanbul. We were looking for a traditional Turkish breakfast and indeed did this place deliver! The food was amazing and the service was fantastic! In fact the morning we visited the restaurant was having a power outage and we honestly didn't notice until the server mentioned something. We sat in the back patio/garden area and we're able to enjoy our Turkish breakfast while enjoying the early spring sun. I highly recommend!
Great food and a better view. But the Turkish breakfast is about double the cost elsewhere. In addition, they were very unhappy that only two people in our party of three for the Turkish breakfast. I ordered something else, but because it didn't cost enough, they said I needed to order more.
Incredible.  I will dream of this breakfast.  Fresh spreads, cheeses, and pastries.  I loved the fresh hazelnut spread and the feta pancakes.  Warm tea and friendly service.The location is amazing, a really cool artsy neighborhood right near Galata Tower.  I will return next time I'm in Istanbul.
I've been to this cafe 5 times for various meals and have spent a lot of money. Today, me and my husband ordered 2 coffees and a breakfast dish. We were rudely told that we needed to order more food otherwise we would not be served. If you come with 5 people, you have to order a minimum of 5 different breakfast dishes.Never returning. There are so many better cafes with better food.
We came here for coffee and it was super nice to sit outside their outdoor seating. The cafe is hidden in a little small alley where it's away from the walking path, but their sign was very noticeable for us to notice them! We didnt have their breakfast but their coffee (iced coffee) was delicious! The owners/ waiters were super kind and friendly!
One of the better breakfasts I've had in my brief time in Turkey. It was billed as a "traditional village breakfast" but had some items that I suspect are less than traditional, such as guacamole and kiwi (not together). Not that there's anything wrong with that. The breakfast was a little cheese-heavier than most, featuring halloumi, some great fresh mozzarella, and feta, as well as the normal bread accompaniments such as hazelnut spread. The fresh squeezed orange juice was also as delicious as I've come to expect from places like this.My only complaint was that the service was a little slow but I suspect that was because the table next to ours spent a long time disputing their bill.
Spent 5 ddays in Istanbul and ended up eating here twice.They have a bunch of stuff on the menu, but you only need two: farmer breakfast and salep.The breakfast is that category of dish taken to perfection: small plates as far as the eye can see, everything is either cheese or drizzled with honey. Or in some cases both!There's also a seemingly endless stream of new items coming in. You might want to skip this one on your calorie tracker.If you don't know what salep is, now is the time to find out. These guys make a good one..
A wonderful café for breakfast, coffee, and a view of Galata Tower! We had a great time here - the cozy ambiance, the organic & traditional dishes, and staff who were always prompt and helpful. It's a perfect café, on a quiet street off from the centre. Definitely recommend. :)
Best Breakfast in Istanbul! The spread they bring to start is amazing- olives, honey cream, cheeses, jam, fresh rye bread and GUACAMOLE!  The view of Galata tower is sweet and the decor inside this adorable cafe is charming!  We also had the most delectable of treats, Salep which is a hot creamy drink made with Orchid roots and topped with freshly ground cinnamon!  We ordered eggs and I had a blood orange juice that was freshly squeezed and delightful!  EAT HERE!!
I have been here 5 times and today I was denied service because 2 people ordered 1 breakfast item with 2 coffee drinks. The staff is very rude and demanded we buy more items. I watched them deny seating to other customers while there are open tables. There are much better cafes in the area so no reason to spend my money at this place.
More than twice what some other places charge per person. 70L is high, but the proximity was very close. Very wonderful staff. The food was organic and very fresh. With the high cost, compared to other restaurants, would most likely not go again.
One of two favourite places for breakfast on the trip. It's pricier than the local places but worth it. They speak good English here too.Lentil soup - 4 starsDelicious and flavourful!Turkish breakfast - 5 starsOverall you get nice variety. Fantastic homemade hazelnut spread - we bought back 4 jars as gifts. Their jams were really good as well - including a walnut jam and a plum jam. The cheeses were some of the best I had on the trip. Two of us shared one portion of this and a lentil soup.Bread - 3 starsCould've been better in my opinion. Served cold and rather standard seeded breads.I'd go back!
So delicious. Cute ambiance. Garden seating. Great/kind service. They speak English. They serve traditional Turkish breakfast all day long. Great location for shopping as well. Would definitely recommend and will return. They charge on a per person basis (70tl).
We had a fantastic breakfast, in a spot that makes you feel like an adventurer. Let your inner explorer speak and find this hidden little gem.The chicken was spectacular, the tea was out of this world, it was by and far the best breakfast we had all week. And we literally went by the top spots.
A gem of a place hidden in the by lanes of Istanbul. We had the Turkish breakfast and the spread was just amazing, even better than what other upscale restaurants in Besiktas had to offerAll the ingredients were so fresh and flavorful. Make sure you try their honey and hazelnut butter.The ambience is really great as well, with many seating options available. There are tables overlooking the street and cozy tables inside. Our server was also really friendly, he was happy to make recommendations and made us try new dishes so that we'd have an enriching and authentic Turkish breakfast experience.
Yuuummmyyy!!!Incredible service,  high quality & fresh foods and super friendly staff.I recommend to all my friends.Thanks for everything
This was the most authentic village breakfastI had in Istanbul. The place was beautiful and full of antiques, The quality of the food was very highand overall was a very positive experience.The owner and the waitress were very nice and attentive and hot Cay came one after the other which kept us very happy. I highly recommend this place.
Good breakfast - plenty of food and the quality is good. It's around 36 liras per person and you'll get a huge spread of food. However, I think it's very expensive for a Turkish breakfast and it's definitely geared for westerners. It is a really cute cafe, they offer WiFi. My Turkish host really liked it though, so it definitely is authentic. Also you get sooooo much cheese. SOOOO much!!Come on an empty stomach, stay around and wander the neighborhood. It's really cute! You can go up Galata tower and then wander around Taxsim, which is in walking distance.TIP: OJ is superrrr overpriced - like 12 liras? No thank you. On the streets you can get a big cup for like 2-3 liras. Just keep that in mind.
Just near the Galata Tower this little gem is hidden in a side street apart from all the busy crowds. It's perfect for taking a moment to relax from the stunning view you just might have had from the top of Galata Tower. If you are lucky you can sit outside on the couch where you can watch people passing by.Try their Mozaik Cake together with a turkish tea or coffe and you'll feel lucky by yourself ;-)Give it a try - I can recommend it. Not to forget to mention the very friendly service here!
Actually the best meal I had in Istanbul! GO HERE FOR TURKISH BREAKFAST. You should order the Traditional Village Breakfast. Just to warn you--it can get crowded if you are with a large group, but even if you have to wait, it is certainly worth it.Never have I had so much food for such a good price in my life. Everything at Cafe Privato is homemade. I recommend the Apple Tea with your meal--it is sweet, but doesn't mask the taste of the food.I will upload a picture of this breakfast, because it cannot simply be described with words.  My personal favorites were the hazelnut peanut-butter-like spread, the fried cheese, and the delicious eggs. Actually all the cheeses were pretty remarkable. Also the olives. Also the kaymak. Also the fruits.Just go for the breakfast--I can give you no better advice.
Fantastic breakfast, lots of little plates, pancakes eggs, little fried things, and a hazelnut cream to die for.
Amazing food and amazing staff! :)We had the village breakfast and didn't know what would expect us. This marvellous, cozy place has a lovely team that really takes care of you serves you many little things the Turkish cuisine can offer. Best breakfast I had for a long time. Go there!
This place had been recommended to us by a friend, and so far we have been to Cafe Privato 2 times -just to make sure we get an accurate opinion of it...It is definitely the best place to have a typical Turkish breakfast. The place is really rather lovely, very tastefully arranged, all the food on the menu is organic and "home made" and the staff is absolutely welcoming and helpful. They all speak English very well, which is a massive plus since I don't speak a word of Turkish.We have ordered the "village breakfast" which is the typical Turkish one with home made jams, bread, different sorts of cheese, honey, fried eggs, grilled halloumi, tomato and cucumber salad and all the rest! We also tried the grilled halloumi salad and it was so fresh and tasty, I would definitely recommend it!Please go and try the Privato, they are the best!!
This is the place to get the truly Turkish breakfast! Everything is delicious here, their spicy lentil soup is amazing! I wished I could have stoped by more time when we where in Istanbul. They have fresh juices, homemade jams, and mouth watering mezzes. Definitely a Must stop by when in Istanbul.
Looking for a good café to get some breakfast we found this cozy place. Upon being greeted by a small kitten half a sleep on a chair outside the café we entered and were welcomed by a couple of friendly waitresses and what one would assume being the owner. You get a feeling it is family run, but I don't know for sure, but it is a friendly atmosphere here, they laugh and make jokes with each other and the guests.We decided on the breakfast alternative from the menu and some freshly squeezed juice and filter coffee. Apparently we were early, since there was no one else around, this was around 1000 am, so we got the first (yes there were more) batch of breakfast plates quite fast. And we were amazed at the overall amount of food there was (take a peek at the photos!). Different cheeses, jams, olives etc, it is all very tastefully presented.After getting an introduction to what the different ingredients were we started to dig in, not before long the second batch came to our table. At this point we started to run out of space for all the plates. Anyway, this time around the were eggs, pancakes, honey and some other traditional turkish dishes that were presented to us.It was such a good experience we actually decided to round of our day later that evening with a raki and coffee at this same place. Upon recognizing us from earlier that morning they gave us some complimentary cakes which was very nice. Also we got to se the kitten sneak into the restaurant and try to avoid the waitresses, which he managed to do, while all the guests laughed about it. ;)Everything here was top notch, the interior was nice and warm, the staff friendly, the kitten was furry and cute plus you also have a view of the Galata Tower if you're seated by the windows. It was probably the most expensive breakfast in Istanbul (around 30EUR) but you still get value for money I would say. Do it!
I love the Turkish Breakfast served at this spot.  They include several cheeses, olives, fresh fruit "jams", homemade sauces, clotted cream and honey. That's just the first course. The second included eggs, sausage, and a few types of pancakes. It was the best I have had in Istanbul and comes with a great view of Galata Tower.The place gets quite busy on the weekends but is super empty on weekdays.
Our first Turkish Breakfast and we hope to have 1000 more. So many small delicious dishes served beautifully. Highlights included the sweet hazelnut butter and cheese pancakes. Per our waiter's kind advice, my wife, son and I ordered Village Breakfast for 2. The 3 of us left feeling satisfied. The staff was very friendly and sweet. They didn't speak English and we don't speak Turkish but we all smiled a lot. They gave us tea on the house because it's just wrong not to have tea! A truly beautiful meal in a lovely quiet spot away from the bustle surrounding Galata Tower.
a SUPER BREAKFAST SPOT in İstanbulThis cafe is located in Galata , a tiny cozy place. It is decorated like an authentic home! When you go inside you actually do not feel like you are in a cafe! It is a super sweet cafe with super tasty authentic specialties. I am looking forward to try the food there too cause the menu really got my attention but it is so funny that ı exactly know that the second time I will go I will AGAIN order the BREAKFAST cause it was FANTASTIC !They have this GELENEKSEL KOY KAHVALTISI which means 'traditional village breakfast' on their menu which costs something like 30 turkish Lira. I know, it is definitely not cheap! But honestly, it is worth it!So many varieties that even the table is not big enough! They have great quality of cheese, olives, tomatoes but the most fantastic thing about the breakfast is what they cook: Scrambled eggs with Turkish salami (sucuk), homemade pancakes and some more Turkish pastry stuff which we generally call 'Börek'.Oh and lets not forget the homemade jams they make with fresh fruits. AND AND AND they serve a glass of fresh orange juice. The tea is unlimited ! ! !
Friendly staff great food, loved the vibe as well. Authentic Turkish breakfast. Definitely recommend
So we only had a few days in Istanbul.  It was really an extended layover en route to South Africa!  (We want to write about South Africa, YELP...  mais, c'est impossible!)  We found the restaurant barkers in Istanbul to be absolutely overwhelming, and if I see one more menu laminated in plastic, I think I'm going to....  not eat at that place!We stumbled into Cafe Privato quite by accident.  Not realizing they already have excellent ratings on YELP and Trip Advisor as well.  For good reason, though most people seem think this is a breakfast place.  We had dinner, and it was great too!  The wait staff was attentive and really kind, particularly notable since we arrived after 9:00 pm.  (We closed the place up, and they were very gracious about it.)  It's all a little new agey, great for vegetarians, and really nice for people who are seeking a place that's not overrun by American tourists, but instead, you might even encounter a few locals.Nice Georgian wine (as I believe the owner is from Georgia... NOT the Georgia in N. America, btw!) and the food is fresh, creative, and a little new agey.  We like that.  It felt like northern California meets Istanbul.In a city overrun by cookie-cutter fish restaurants, I highly recommend Cafe Privato for a quiet, simple meal in an atmosphere that is 100 meters from the main tourist street, but 100 kilometers from the tourists!
My favorite restaurant in Galata so far. The street is beautiful and so are the little details in the restaurant. The tables, chairs, tablecloths, flowers, plates compliment the traditional Turkish food. I ordered the veggie plate and it came in 5 different dishes, all of which were absolutely delicious. Very good service as well.
Omg can't say enough about their Turkish breakfast. They accommodate vegans and vegetarians and are super sweet. We loved the array of tastes and flavors offered for the Turkish breakfast. From the house made hazelnut paste to the homemade jams. We ate twice here just because we loved it so much. If I was to recommend anything to improve it would be to toast the bread before serving
Delicious food and adorable atmosphere! The service was great and everyone was super friendly. The traditional Turkish breakfast and the zucchini pancakes are not to be missed!
It's frankly hard to find it (near the Galata Tower) but it does worth it!The specialty is the "village breakfast". I have tried it and I have to admit it: it's quite enjoyable. You can get the breakfast at any time of the day (I tried it around 6 p.m.) and they give you a wide range of stuff for a very healthly, complete and sustaining breakfast.The staff is really friendly and perfectly English-speaking. There is WiFi and it's free.
so yummy.. the place so quiet and romantic.. alot of market near the restaurant and so food so good also the price
If you're in Istanbul and looking for a real Turkish breakfast you must go here (avoid the famous Van Kahvalti Evi tourist trap for breakfast (it is so terrible) GO HERE INSTEAD!!!!).All the food is home made and organic. We came here three times it was so good. Back in England now, fantasising about this place...
Nice food, but overpriced, crowded, poor service and construction noise from next door.
Recommended by friends, we were there for the village breakfast. The breakfast is like an original and traditional turkish breakfast, i was used to have when we were children an visiting our family in Turkey. Varieties of turkish cheese like "Tulum Peynir", homemade classical marmelades, Menemen, Eggs with Sausage (Sucuklu-Yumurta), Börek, Gözleme... We were especially very impressed, when the guy came with fresh baked bread, which was sooo taaaasty.Athmosphere: very good and very cozy style and designStaff: Very supportive and helpfulWe are looking to visit them again.
This place is one of the hidden jewels of restaurant in Turkey. The portion was acceptable with great value, not to mention kind and smile staff!I would strongly recommend this place and I will come back again for more.....
Fantastic breaky made of 20 different plates : olives, pancakes, fruits and many other surprises !Its a mix crowd of tourist and locals and it was our first and successful eating spot while in Istanbul. A must try!
Was as great as everyone on yelp says it is. We ordered two of the farmers breakfast (30tl each so not exactly cheap) for which you get a full spread of cheeses, nice pancake things, nice pancake things with spinach, nice pancake things with cheese, honey and a large spread of sugary fruits which are what I think they refer to as marmalade. The people here speak good English - in fact you will be surrounded by people speaking English - but we spotted some locals too so felt legitimized. The nice owner wrote down the name of a particular cheese I liked so extra kudos for that.
If you're looking for a nice location for breakfast or a meal in the Galata-Quarter, you should drop in here. The Georgian owner and her Turkish partner are hosts in the best sense of the word.Breakfast is wonderful - still remember the delicious homemade marmelade and the best börek we had during our holiday.The restaurant is very nice, staff extremely friendls and the food delicious. Everything is worth every penny you pay for.
Super delicious village breakfast. Great view from the back "patio". Great service.Village breakfast is enough for two.Drip coffee is quite pricey, but overall a charming experience.We will be back.
Chicken a la Privato was great + amazing view of the Galata at night. Owner and staff were also very friendly. Definitely check it out if you are near the Galata Tower -- it's a little off to the side in a by-lane, but much better than the other cafes right at the base of the tower, which are always so crowded.
A bit pricey, but totally worth the cost. I read that they had amazing Turkish breakfast, though quite expensive. Didn't have a chance to try it.However, I did order the Meze plate, which I was told was vegetarian. It had chicken stuffed with beef on it, which to my knowledge isn't vegetarian. Otherwise, it was amazing.Great small interior, very relaxed, and comfortable.Note: finding truly vegetarian food is very difficult here, as frequently people tell you something is vegetarian, but has meat of some sort in it. Be careful and do your research.
Awesome cafe! My wife told me about this cafe she read in an article. This place has and awesome view of the Galata tower. It's a small joint very intimate, but what takes the cake is the staff. Very courteous and always attentive of your needs. All in all this is the joint!
Yummy breakfast. Try their salad (tomatoes, cucumber and mint!). not a quick meal- plan to spend a couple hours eating.
Excellent breakfast served with jams made in-house. The breakfast is served all day, so don't shy away if you woke up late! At the time we went, the traditional breakfast cost 35 lira. Other commenter have noted that this is expensive, and perhaps it is (I don't have experience to compare), but the size and quality of the breakfast left me feeling like we got a good deal.The tomato spread was probably my favorite dish - I wish I could have bought some to bring home!
If a traditional Turkish breakfast is on your agenda and you're swinging by the Golata Tower or Taksim Square area, definitely hit this place up. Probably THE best breakfast I had the entire trip (and there were a lot of these types of breakfasts that I had). Everything tasted so fresh and delicious from the jams, honey, menemem, gozleme and more. The place isn't terribly large and wasn't packed when we came on a Fri morning. I imagine the weekends might be busier. Place is really cute too.
Oldukça güzel ve samimi bir mekan fakat normal mekanlara göre fiyatları yüksek. Özel zamanlarda gidilebilir
If we were to suggest one great place for breakfast in Istanbul it would no doubt be Privato in Galata. It's a cozy little café run by a bunch of really friendly young people. The breakfast here is outstanding. And it's so much you'll be stuffed till the evening. We were considering ordering a fruit plate on the side but the waiter suggested us not to - a good decision. You get lots of small plates with everything from different kinds of cheeses, pancakes, bread, börek and salad to scrambled eggs sausages, honey and amazing self made jam. And it's all organic. While you enjoy your food you have a nice view onto Galata Tower.
I have wandered the Galata Tower area very often in search of a cool alterna cafe with a nice atmosphere and vegetarian options.  Privato had just that.  Great selections of the day for both meat and non meat eaters, plenty of Turkish options in addition to a good general selection of different kinds of main and side dishes.   Wine is great and the place itself is a pleasure to hang out in.  Some might say it feels more like a cafe in Berlin or some artsy place elsewhere in Europe, but me I think its part of the fantastic atmosphere in this part if Istanbul.
This is a nice little cafe on a side street near the Galata Tower. The tables in the back allow a view of the tower which is nice. Our waiter was very attentive and spoke English. We had a simple lunch of mere plate and a hollumi salad. Both were quite tasty. The prices are typical of the area.  Our bill came to 57TL.  They have a breakfast special that looks interesting and quite large. Maybe next time.
This place is overrated. Good to be sure, and there are few special homemade items and a nice view of Galata. However, it is much more expensive than comparable places in Çihangir. The coffee was watery.
Today we had our second meal at Privato - lunch, last night dinner.  Both were excellent and as vegans we appreciated menus items that worked for us.  They also have good quality local wine and beer.  Service is stellar too!
Cozy environment, great variety of Turkish food, friendly service...galata tower view is the bonus!
The host and the waiters are very warm and friendly. I strongly recommend the lentil soup and their special gozleme.
The best breakfast (village breakfast) I ever had  nothing more to say except that the staff are really friendly and you eat in a hospitable and comfy atmosphere. The food is always fresh and mostly homemade, even the jam! Great place in a great city!
Very friendly, young staff (they speak English quite well), good music, cute/cosy place and delicious breakfast! Be sure to try their homemade, organic hazlenut cream!
Arrived for breakfast with hopes of enjoying the rooftop, but the weather had other plans, directing us to the indoor salon one level down. Opting for the breakfast for two, we were greeted with an impressive spread that covered our entire table. Having traveled a lot, I can attest that few match the Turkish dedication to breakfast.The food looked absolutely stunning but the taste didn't quite match up to the visual appeal. But to be fair, it almost seemed too good to be true, so that might have set our expectations a tad highHighly recommend the overall experience, from the breathtaking view to the attentive service and the perfect photo opportunities, makes it a spot worth trying at least once. Trust me when I say, it will be memorable.
Beautiful spot for a view but there are birds hovering around so I would not be surprised if you get swooped while eating, and I asked about being pooped on while eating an that is a definite possibility... so we chose to sit indoors.Indoors still had a great view and it's got a good menu but this place is an obvious tourist trap. Pay for the ambiance, not for the food. We had a fish skillet with peppers and cheese, along with a side of sour eggplant. Add a bottle of water, glass of cherry juice, and the grand total was over $111! What in the world was that madness? We were floored.Even indoors a spider fell onto my food, one of the biggest I've seen, and luckily it was at the end of lunch cause it killed my appetite.Do come here for the views but just be mindful of the recommendations without knowing the price --- you could get shocked!
There is good view of the Hagia Sophia and Blue Mosque here, so naturally, it is full of tourists.  In fact, they even have a sign out front that says you can take selfies here with the Hagia Sophia and Blue Mosque.  The restaurant has a terrace level and a rooftop level.  It's very hard to get service because there are lots of tourists and some of them are confused about anything from the menu to where to sit to why they cannot have a table reserved for others.  The waitstaff is partially to blame, as they are not the best at giving instructions.  For example, the first waitstaff told me I can sit at a table in the rooftop, but then a second one told me I can only sit at a table on the terrace (1 star off).After going up and down the stairs a few times, I finally sat down, I waited another 15 minutes without acknowledgement (1 star off), I flagged down a waitstaff and ordered a Turkish coffee and a semolina helva.  It look another 15 minutes to get my coffee and dessert.  Both were enjoyable, but not the best I have ever had.  If I didn't wait so long, I may have enjoyed them even more.
We had good service, food and a view. The hummus didn't have much flavor. I prefer more garlic. The sea bass was tasty and fresh. The veggie soup was creamy. Wine is $10/glass. We sat on the second from top floor so the birds weren't flying over us. The view is beautiful.
We stopped here after visiting the mosque.  It seemed like everyone had the same idea. It is a very popular spot filled with tourists. The menu is primarily seafood and priced higher than most places. One of the best things is going out n the terrace and feeding French fries on a fork to the seagulls. The food was good but the view and seagulls made a much better experience.
Spellbinding scenery. Top rooftop is panoramic and stunning day, sunset, or night.You can come here for drinks only, which is nice. Though touristy, I didn't sense trap. (In the non-hood colloquialism sense of the word).They offer a platter of fish scraps which you can skewer with a fork and then feed the ubiquitous pigeons.  If you are comfortable with close encounters of the aviary rodent kind, it's a unique experience.
I love hummus - I've had hummus in probably 10 countries, and hundreds of restaurants, and I've made my own hummus, so this is coming with some gravitas: this is the worst hummus I've ever eaten in my life. "But how can you mess up mashed chickpeas?" First, you undercook them, can them, and then finally mix them with PEANUT BUTTER. And then you provide some nice room-temperature baguette (yes, sliced baguette) to dip in this chickpea-textured peanut butter. Then you dump the cheapest unfiltered olive oil over the top that money can hardly buy. I think this hummus will be my strongest memory of İstanbul.
Most amazing cultural experience! You must come hungry because there are so many amazing dishes to try. The service is incredible.
Beautiful rooftop terrace with gorgeous view of the Bosphorus, Blue Mosque, Agia Sophia. The service is friendly and speedy. For appetizer we chose the octopus salad, that came with pickled veggies - the octopus was tender and pleasure to eat. We ordered a local fish, market price cooked on clay pot with veggies. The meat was tender and falling off the bone. The sauce was tasty and tangy. Hubby had wine which he enjoyed and I stuck with apple and regular black tea, all of which were delicious. The waiter surprised us with complimentary dessert, which consisted of juicy sweet pumpkin topped with kaymak and pistachios!! This is a popular place for Instagram selfies, but luckily the cold kept ppl away
The view from the terrace was amazing at night time. It was a bit pricey, the taste of meatballs (kofte) were delicious.
Horrendous service and overpriced spread for breakfast.Just go there for pictures?Save your money!!
We came here as one of the first stops on our visit to Istanbul. What a perfect way to start our trip - the view of the city , surroundings, and historic Hagia Sofia and Blue Mosque (Sultan Ahmet Mosque) alone was worth the price of the meal. It does heavily cater to tourists as some other reviews have mentioned but we were glad for that as we were traveling from the US. They do have a few areas set up to take photos with the seagulls and other birds in the area lunging to grab fries and cheese from you (all provided for taking photos).As far as the food goes - wow! Some of the best tasting breakfast I've had anywhere. The various dishes served can be mixed and matched in different ways but all were delicious. We ended up paying around $70 USD for a huge spread and left feeling satisfied but not overly stuffed. We were so impressed that our group wanted to come back again despite having many other places to go on our itinerary.In all - great food for a decent price, SPECTACULAR panoramic view of gorgeous Istanbul and the surrounding water and historic sites, would highly recommend to any travelers looking for a Turkish breakfast!
The food we ordered was so delicious and our server managed to deboned the fish right in front of us. It was crazy!! Something you do never witness in the US lol Ambience was awesome too, we opted in outdoor seating which was on the rooftop overlooking the two most famous mosques in the city. The view was majestic! I only took a video of what we ordered but unfortunately yelp doesn't allow you to post videos on here.
No t is an ok restaurant. Great for the view. Okay for the food. We had the vegetable soup and shrimp casserole.
My husband and I visited this restaurant for breakfast I think on our second visit to Istanbul. We always stay in the sultanahmet area since it's super close to everything and we heard about 7 hills for great Turkish breakfast and great view. Now this is why I only gave 4 stars.... When we walked in not looking like European... we visited from USA, but are Arab... they were catering more to western looking guest( assuming the tip would be larger). I asked if we could sit in one empty table near side to see view, waiter said they were all reserved... then Russian tourist walk in without reservations and guess what... they got table. I did say something and my American accent was recognized and boom! We got a table with view! Overall food was good, good value and decent amount! Will fill table, but probably will not return to eat
Omg!! The most items served ever for the breakfast!!!  There were probably over 20 dishes for the breakfast with unlimited water and cay. The view was spectacular and best of all, the price was reasonable.Wish we didn't go on last day of our trip. Otherwise we could go few more times. Definitely worth going!!!
Great food with an amazing view. Definitely recommend checking out this restaurant for a meal while seeing the sights. It's located super close to the Hagia Sophia and Blue Mosque. There's lots of fresh seafood options and the food was delicious. The service was also great.
Amazing views of the Ayasofa from the rooftop restaurant. The restaurant serves mostly seafood.
Very good food and I'm glad to find some where that not just selling kebab in Istanbul.Amazing view!Waiters will try to sell you super expensive whole fish (for5-6) even your group is only 3.
If you are in Istanbul and you like seafood, you should certainly make a visit to this place!We have been staying at the Four Seasons in Sultanahmet and noticed all of the activity on the roof across the street. Tonight we ventured over there and were met with a beautiful view of the Aya Sophia, the Blue Mosque and the Sea of Marmara with the Asian continent lighting up the night sky.Accompanying the view was a friendly and attentive wait staff and an amazing meal!  The restaurant specializes in seafood, though there are plenty of vegetarian options as well as beef and chicken (off menu). I loved how we got to pick out our dinner from a case of freshly caught seafood (though my daughters were not thrilled about seeing their food before it was cooked. ). We had the steamed scorpion fish which was served as a fish stew with lots of veggies and shrimp.  We started with the lirsalene salad with Greek yogurt and a delicious glass of a local rose wine. The steak with mushroom sauce was delicious as well. Kinyas, our waiter, also served us delicious fresh fruit and a sweet semolina and ice cream dessert.They are also open for lunch and have a retractable awning which expands / retracts depending on the sun situation. I'd highly recommend this place if you are visiting the old city in Istanbul.
This is by far the best place in Istanbul downtown to have lunch or dinner.The food is excellent and reasonably prices (by Westerners standards and expectations anyway). We were four people and had several courses including samplers and red fish cooked 'their' style, beer and Turkish drinks for about $140 including tips.But the best thing is to dine on the roof (make reservations) as you'll have amazing view of the Hagia Sophia, the Blue Mosque and the Bosphorus Straight itself.
First of all it's very crowded so you can NOT enjoy eating without people bumping into you. The food is not worth the money at all. The birds will poop on your table, it happened 3 times to us. The breakfast plate said 170 lira but they don't mention anywhere that it's each person but the portions of the food aren't even worth that alone. So 2 people is 340 lira and the tea isn't free like every restaurant in turkey is. It's actually the worst restaurant experience I've had and I'm from America so that says a lot.
My wife wants to take pictures with Hagia Sophia then we come. You need make a reservation otherwise you will not find a good table in 3rd floor. The view is good and my wife is happy. Food is ok but price is a little bit higher which is understandable. Fried fish is good choice and watch out seagull, they might fly to steal your food.
The views of Hagia Sophia and the Blue Mosque are unparalleled! That alone is reason enough to head up to the terrace, but the 360 views of the city and the water are incredible too. The servers were friendly and offered to take my photo since I was traveling solo, and many stopped by to chat in English, all smiles. I only came up for Turkish coffee one morning and apple tea another, both were standard and maybe slightly over priced but it's to be expected for the location and view. Certainly worth a visit if you're near!
This place is a rip off. 450TL for a seafood mix is a complete sham! Not only it wasn't tasted fresh nor delicious, the selections of seafoods were "Left Over" parts of fish, few shrimps and three strips of salmon. Oh! I must not forget the tiny fishes they breaded and fried. We also tried their fish soup that tasted very floury and fishy! I could not have another spoon.The only positive about this place is the fact that you can see The Blue Mosque on one side and Hagia Sophia on the other on it's rooftop restaurant. But menu is useless!
Very rude and unprofessional staff. After being told to go upstairs to get a table, we were told that they are at capacity. Instead of trying to make up for the mistake, the waiter shouted at us and threatened to physically assault us. Never going back to this place.
Super nice view, parking is a problem but always you can find a solution.Food is delicious , staff is friendly and they speak languages.
If you're looking for a rooftop view of Sultanahmet, you MUST stop by here. The Seven Hills Restaurant is located in the Seven Hills Hotel (surprise!) and on the 4th floor (rooftop - surprise!). What's really cool is that you get the opportunity to look at the main attractions (Hagia Sophia and the Blue Mosque) as well as the Bosphorus and the Asian side of Istanbul.I knew sunset time would be more ideal to come here, but I am antisocial and wanted to avoid the crowd so chose to come here early the morning. They open at 7:30am but they let me in earlier because I must've looked lonely and frostbitten standing outside.They serve breakfast buffet style. It was fine - nothing really stood out to me, but the service was great and the Turkish coffee was superb. It's fixed price so you can order more than one... just saying!I would give it 5 stars but I'd have to try dinner as the breakfast was just OK. The view is immaculate though and I do plan on coming back if I visit Istanbul again. If you have time and want to take a great picture, this is the place to be! You can even copy what I did with the Turkish coffee and one of the monuments in the background. Just looking out for you - we homies :)
Absolutely loved that place! The food was good, I had seafood casserole (very spicy!) and bunch of starters, my boyfriend had bbq. The staff was very nice, our waiter even warn me that the casserole isn't great, but I was stubborn. They also offered to change my meal if I don't like it. The waiter also helped us to decide what fish is good for two (cause it's big) or for one person. At the end of our dinner they bright us complementary tea and said that they have a rooftop where we can sit and drink tea :) The dinner was at a veranda with huge open windows (they close it in the evening if it becomes too cold or windy). The rooftop didn't have any roof or lights, but had tables and chairs, so it was very romantic! The view of Ayasofya and Blue Masque (you can see both from the rooftop very well) are breathtaking!!! That place is definitely a must!
A must visit for the view alone.The food isn't amazing by any means, and everything is overpriced. You can sip on a glass of wine or enjoy their huge pieces of calamari (the fried is better than their grilled), but you must go here if you're looking to view the Hagia Sophia and/or the Blue Mosque. The best time to go is at Golden Hour (1 hour before sunset), then stay until the lights come on at both the mosques. Take pictures of both and both times, and you have yourself a worthwhile stop.The 5 stars is for the view and the service. My friend and I ordered wine and tea, respectively, and stayed here for a couple of hours just snapping away. Not one peep from them.It does get cold at night, and they supply relatively heavy blankets. I do suggest still bringing a jacket if the weather is chilly.
The rooftop at this restaurant is gorgeous. The sunset is unbeatable and you can see both the Blue Mosque and the Hagia Sophia as you enjoy some wine and your meal. It feels very elegant and upscale, true luxury.The food itself is very expensive and the portions are small, and it's not in keeping with the prices in the surrounding area. You're paying a premium for the primo location, which I would say is worth it... Especially if your hotel isn't in Sultanahmet and doesn't have a rooftop, as many do!The wait staff here, as well, is supremely friendly. When I talked to them about my research, one of them even offered to help me with it... Above and beyond the waitstaff duty, to say the least!
It is just about the view. Food is mediocre to say the least. You don't have to order food, we didn't knew that, you can order some coffee and enjoy the view.
Unreal 360 view! The skewed sword fish was fair. Loved it overall. Try to be there just before sunset so that you can hear Azan from 3 different directions ...
Not sure about the other reviews but our group spent a great evening here. Picked out a fresh fish which was creatively prepared. Great friendly staff as well.
Due to social media and the beautiful views from the terrace, this place has received more than it's fair share of attention. I came to seven hills for lunch. It was probably one of the most dining experiences I had in Istanbul. The food ordered (octopus, muttabbal, shrimp, fish soup, hamsi) was actually awful enough to make us feel sick. It was too fishy and icky, had no flavor to it, and was no where near Istanbul culinary standards. Bill was overpriced as are all tourist traps. There are ALOT of places with terraces and views, and eating here is not worth it.
Dining at a rooftop terrace is a very special experience in Istanbul. There's only one place you need to consider- the restaurant atop Seven Hills Hotel. It has the most stunning, scenic view of the city. The food isn't amazing, but that's not why you're here, silly.Shoutout to the grilled calamari, though. Thanks for being perfectly seasoned and not overly chewy. The prices are exorbitant ($6 USD for fresh squeezed OJ? I make a decent living, but I'm not an idiot). But again, you're paying for a view so gorgeous that it's impossible to sulk.As I sipped on my apple tea, my eyes feasted on the wondrous Hagia Sophia and the astounding Blue Mosque. I turned to my right, and dozens of extravagant multi-million dollar homes lined the shore. It DOESN'T. GET. ANY. BETTER. THAN. THIS.There's no better spot to soak in this charming city. We caught the sunset over the Bosphorus Strait. The weather at dusk was cool and windy, so my hair was doing its own thing in all my pictures. It had rained earlier that day (Istanbul was crying over our imminent departure), which resulted in a spectacular rainbow across the sky.Magical. I wish I stayed.
Super expensive. Tourist trap near Hagia Sophia.The view is nice but it is not worth paying double the price of your lunch.
Found this place by accident. Very pleasant surprise. Fantastic view at sunset of the Blue Mosque and the city. Best spot for the view. Seafood was very fresh and wine was delicious.They have blankets on the chairs for when it gets cool but they would probably do even better if they had the gas heaters that are on other terasses.You must try the rice pudding desert. I'm more of a chocolate guy but that stuff was fantastic.
The restaurant is on the rooftop with a spectacular view!!!!!!  Strongly recommend to go there for drink before sunset. Food is very average, a little disappointing. A lot of seafood on the menu, not traditional Turkish food.
The view is reason to go here, so that merits four stars.  The food was not terrible, which was a pleasant surprise since my expectation of the food was low.  Add a star.  So why a two star rating?  Most of the main course dishes were M.P. or Market Price.  The few dishes that were priced clearly were around 65TL.  We order two main courses that were around that price.  The waiter then says to my wife, "I recommend the fresh one that was caught from the sea today; that one is frozen."  So what does one say in response to that?  If you are thinking or are prepared because you've read online reviews, you say "How much does that cost?"  To which the waiter responded "300TL".  To which I responded, "Thanks, but she actually loves frozen fish!"  He got annoyed and ignored us for the rest of the dinner, which was perfectly fine with me.  We were able to take pictures and take our time since it was as if we weren't there.  Based on how the fish tasted, I'm pretty sure the "fresh" fish was probably the same exact fish as the "frozen" one.  So, go here for the 'grams but beware that you will get your wallet picked if you're not paying attention.
We ate fresh shrimp here which gave us the worse stomach bug if ever experience. We were in pain for 2 days.
If not for the view our dinner at Seven Hills would have been a wasted trip. We had read about the below average reviews of the food, but were sorely disappointed with the taste and quality of the dishes we ordered (Grilled Calamari was too salty and the Salted Mackerel lacked even that).The view somewhat made up for our dismal first dinner in Istanbul.
Excellent view, good service and fairly good food. That pretty much summed up our experience here at Seven Hills. We came here mostly for photo oppurtunity but we were pleasantly suprised that our server was really attentive and friendly. We came here only for a cup of soup and Turkish tea during one of th cold and rainy days in Turkey. The soup is basically a creamed sea bass. I did not high expectation for restaurant as such to have good food. Our soup was quite delicious. Not too thick and rich but just perfect. Though I wish they would be a tad generous on the fish but it was all just good. Our tea was also lovely. Though I wish they did not put sugar on my rose hip tea. The ambiance here is relaxing and unhurried. Definitely unlike the kebab restaurants around. Lastly, did I mentioned that the view here is just spectacular. You have the bay on one side, the Blue Mosque on the other and Hagia Sophia opposite it. It was enough to please us. Thank goodness it stopped drizzling after our small bite. Yeeap the rain and the wind could not stop us, we posed and took our souvenir photo of the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sofia from the rooftop. Yay!Overall, it was a great pick to come here as a tourist!
If I could give this place 0 stars I would. The service was awful. They hovered around our table in a very aggressive manner with very aggressive body language. It was like they thought we were going to steal or something. And then when we wanted something we had a hard time flagging them down. The people in the next table were also having issues with them... they said the food was not good and the rice was old and the servers just argued with them and wouldn't even give them a discount, when it should have been comped. I am sure the soup I had which they said was vegetarian, had chicken stock in it. The "fried shrimp" is not fried, it's a hot pot. It's over priced, our mojitos were the worst mojitos I've ever had (I could make it better at home myself), and they were very expensive.  This place is a total rip off. The view isn't even good. Do yourself a favour and go to the four seasons instead, if you are willing to pay for a lovely experience and meal, with excellent service. It's around the same price and an absolute treat.
Walked by the front, was told to come up for the great view by the greeter out front. I went up to the top and yes the view was fantastic, but they forced us to sit in the middle part that does not have a view. I said we want to sit on the edge so we can enjoy the view. They say no you need a reservation. I look around, there's at least 10+ open tables with views and I'm being forced to sit in a table without view. You people waved me down off the street while I was walking by, and said come up for the best view, and then don't let me enjoy the view! Are you crazy? If there were hundreds of people inside and a shortage of tables, I understand. But it was not even the least bit busy! Lousy service, rude waiters who do not listen to your requests. If you want to enjoy the view, make a reservation. But do not expect good service or anything else. Go for the view, that's it!
We are staying at the Seven Hills Hotel and our breakfast is included.  It is served here from 7 until 10.  You take the elevator to the 5th floor and walk up a short flight of stairs to the dining room.  A buffet is laid out, an array of fresh fruit, breads, cheeses, yoghurt, honey w/ the comb, tomatoes, salads, sliced meats, cereals and more.  Of all the restaurant breakfasts I've eaten this is my favorite because of the simplicity, variety and authenticity of the offerings.  Coffee, tea and juices are available.  There are teabags, but strong Turkish tea is dispensed already brewed, along w/ water to weaken it.  Our host advised me to mix them half and half and it was fabulous.Yesterday for lunch we climbed another flight of stairs to the rooftop dining area w/ its view of Hagia Sophia, the Blue Mosque and the Bosphorus.  Down below, near Hagia Sophia, are the extensive ruins of a building.  We ordered three appetizers, grilled garlic eggplant which was smoky and lovely spread on bread, hot dolmas w/ seafood and cheese that were tasty and unlike any other we had had and calamari.  Only the calamari was disappointing, as it lacked tentacles and seemed a bit overpriced for the portion, though it was cooked well.  Our waiter seemed a bit miffed that we weren't also ordering a main and was little in evidence.  When we saw delicious looking swordfish kabobs being carried to other tables we were sorry, but we weren't that hungry.Yesterday being a slow post travel day, we ended up here for dinner too.  We ordered a mezze platter which consisted of a lovely variety of tasty bits I can't adequately describe and the hot dolmas again.  I ordered a glass of red wine and Alan had a dark beer.  We attempted to order the swordfish kabobs, but the waiter steered us toward sea bass and later we realized that they had probably sold all the swordfish at lunch.  The fish came whole, mostly boned, accompanied by half a delicious tomato, lemon wedge and a chunk of red onion.  I don't like my meal looking at me, so I was nonplussed.  We cut it up and squeezed lemon on it, but neither of us was pleased w/ the fish and that it wasn't served to us expertly by the waiter.  The fish was fresh and tasted good, but the presentation bothered us both.  The menu is the same for lunch and dinner.  We will return for breakfast, but not for lunch or dinner.
View is awesome. Food is acceptable, a little expensive though. But waiter was so impolite and disrespectful. I don't recommend it at all.
If I could give this place 0 stars I would.The service was awful.They hovered around our table in a very aggressive manner with very aggressive body language.It was like they thought we were going to steal or something.And then when we wanted something we had a hard time flagging them down.The people in the next table were also having issues with them... they said the food was not good and the rice was old and the servers just argued with them and wouldn't even give thema discount, when it should have been comped.I am sure the soup I had which they said was veget- arian, had chicken stock in it.The "fried shrimp" is not fried, it's a hot pot.It's over priced, our mojitos were the worst mojitos I've ever had (I could make it better at home myself), and they were very expensive.This place is a total rip off.The view isn't even good.Do yourself a favour and go to the four seasons instead, if you are willing to pay for a lovely experience and meal, with excellent service.It's around the same price and an absolute treat.
Five stars for the view and the service, three for the food.I came here because it was nearby my hotel and I wanted to be able to enjoy a nice seafood dinner and take in the Hagia Sofia and Blue Mosque from the roof.  The actual rooftop was closed when I was there, but the enclosed restaurant itself is all windows so you can still enjoy the panoramic views from inside.  My waiter was so friendly and actually took me up to the closed rooftop so I could take some pictures unobstructed by glass.  GORGEOUS.  The best view in the city, in my opinion.  I was having trouble adjusting my camera to take pictures at night and the waiter helped me with that too.  Such a nice guy.The food itself was not bad, but expensive.  I tried Raki, the local drink, for the first time there - not really a fan of it but I got the sample of it for free from the waiter who wanted me to have a "true Turkish experience" - though I enjoyed my red wine more.  I don't remember exactly what kind of fish I got, it was very tasty and pretty fishy - maybe mackeral?  It was cooked kind of crispy and was just fine but didn't blow me away.  It was also very bony and I am not adept at picking around bones with my fork (chopsticks are much more useful when it comes to this!) so it took a long time and a lot of concentration to eat it.  Side vegetables were a little dry.  I also asked for a plate of fries, which were pretty good!In the end, this place receives four stars because it was a very pleasant all around experience with the view, friendly service and not-fantastic-but-not-bad seafood.  I thoroughly enjoyed my time there.
I think this could be the best view in Istanbul--it's breath taking.  You are surrounded by the Blue Mosque, Hagia Sofia and the water.  We had a glass of wine and beer here and you pay for the view...which is fair in my opinion.  We did not eat here, so I can't comment on the food, but the staff are very friendly and did I mention, the view?!!
Five stars for the view - food is a solid 3.5 but totally worth it on a clear night.Its between Hagia Sofia and the Blue Mosque and the views can be enjoyed both inside on the lower portion of the restaurant and on the rooftop. Food can be a bit more pricey than other places, but really you are paying for the ambiance. Go for it, even if its just for a drink and mezze. RECOMMEND!
To be honest the restaurant is well located.The view is wonderful.The decoration is great.The service is not so bad even you have to wait quite a long time.So why only one star... because on 10 at the table we were seven ills the day after.The only thing in common was that we ate all together the mix fish. Sounds like where stand the remaining food of week, so avoid at least that plate.Really a shame because the evening was pleasant.
We have a good sight of the sea, the foods are delicious, it will be a good time to dinning there.
There's no menu to check downstairs, but once you've taken the elevator to the 6th floor and walked two more flights to the rooftop restaurant, you'd be willing to eat or pay anything. The view of the Hagia Sophia, the Blue Mosque and the Bosphorus is breathtaking, whether in full sun or illuminated in the evening. The food is also very good and not that expensive considering the seafood emphasis and the setting. Our view is that it's the best panoramic view of Istanbul. (And if it's raining or too hot on the top floor, one floor down is enclosed, but has panoramic windows.)
This restaurant has the best views in Sultanahmet and I'm giving it 5 star rating simply because of this. It's a must visit to enjoy the beauty Istanbul can offer. The food and service was good too. We had the seafood salad and prawns in butter over lunch. Bit pricey but it was worth the spend. I highly recommend to add this into your itinerary.
The view was amazing. But the food was ok. The best part was the view. Service was ok. We ordered one item and it never came. But all of the other items we ordered came and it was ok.
I went there 3 times.  The first two by myself.  It was like I was invisible.  Service was horrid. 15 mins to get a menu.  I went back for the view.  The third time I went with a friend and it was a completely different restaurant.  They need to give that some thought.  Food is great and the view is amazing.
The view is amazing and the staff friendly. The food is 3.5 stars and like most of the other tourist restaurants in the area.
My wife and I ate here twice during our recent visit to Turkey.  The staff were very cordial and welcoming and the food the best we ate in our 3 1/2 weeks in Turkey.  Ask the waiter for a suggestion from the fish cart.  The views are stunning, especially on the roof terrace looking directly at Santa Sophia!
5 star view. average food. service was lacking. I recommend going there for drinks to enjoy the view, and eating elsewhere.
This restaurant is in possession of a lovely view but that is the only superlative I can muster. The lobster and prawns we ordered were grilled into dust yet they still charged me ten times what the meal was worth.
Fantastic views from the roof top. Food is so-so and over-priced. Run out of butter for bread. Too many waiters hanging around the tables. Stress trying to finished our food. Ask for extra hot water, came back with a cup with light yellowish water. Hmmm... decided not to take the risk adding to my tea..
Great food and service. We went for dinner last night, very flavorful food. The lentil soup is a must try, add some chili and your nasal passage for sure will cleanse :), the mixed entry was tasty and tender. We also tried Mediterranean salad which came in good portion. We were two people and still had food left to carry with us. Will definitely recommend yo anyone visiting the area
Simple, inexpensive Turkish food. We were desperate for a good, hot meal after long flights to Istanbul and found this place via Yelp. It was the top-rated place that was also close to our hotel a few blocks away.We were seated quickly and appreciated the simple menus that came with photos (very tourist-friendly!). Between 4 people, we shared a grilled chicken plate, chicken wrap, salad with grilled chicken, and grilled eggplant plate. The food came quickly, everything was tasty, and we felt quite satisfied with the price point.Great place for a quick bite.
The food here is fantastic. We stayed at the Basileus Hotel, which is just a few yards away from the restaurant, so we visited more than once. In addition to the meal being delicious and quite filling, it was super cheap. We were there in 2013, but our meals were under $10 per person. Well cooked, well spiced, good service, and well worth multiple visits! Really glad that Ziya Baba happened to be in our neighborhood in Istanbul.
What a cute little find. Was staying in then area and did a quick Yelp search to come across this little hidden gem. If you look on trip advisor this restaurant is number 59 on the list of places to eat in Istanbul.Ate here a total of 3 times on my visit and had the pleasure of trying theGRILLED CHICKEN SALAD 14 TL (Turkish lira)Simple salad done oh so well. Lettuce, Cucumber, tomatoes, and onions all dressed in a oil and lemon dressing topped with their salad spice and grilled chicken kebab pieces. Chicken was perfectly cooked with little charred pieces. So freaking flavorful. I craved this salad especially when I ate pastries, meats, and everything in site while on my visit. 4 1/2 stars****MIXED KEBAB PLATE 24TLChicken kebab, steak kebab, and lamb kebab all paired with a delicious bulgar wheat rice, tomatoes, lettuce, picked onions and parsley. All the meat was seasoned and cooked well. The rice was so good! On the table is trays of Turkish chili and oregano. Sprinkle it on your food and it is oh so good! 4 1/2 stars****CHICKEN WING PLATE 14TL6 pieces of chicken wings cooked over a wood grill. Nicely seasoned and charred edges. Also comes with rice, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and parsley. 4 stars***This place is open as early as 0830 and closes as late as 1030. Inside and outside seating is available.Unfortunately no AC and no wifi, but there's an amazing fan at the back of the restaurant blowing room temperature air. Look at the bright side, your food won't get cold so quick lol.Family ran restaurant with very friendly people. Everything cooked to order. If you're in the area stop by and give it a try.
This is a true Turkish gem!! If you are looking to try authentic Turkish grills this is the place. Their chicken kebab is fresh, hot, and simply Delicious! Their prices are relatively on the cheaper side, you can have a meal for 2 for just $10. They also give you complementary bread.MUST TRY if you are visiting Sultan Ahmed mosque!
I visited this place based on yelp reviews and boy this place is legit. The food is delicious, very reasonably priced and great service.
Wow. So delicious, affordable, legit, and comfortable. Feels like you're eating at someone's house and you know that's always where the best food is to be found. This is definitely on my must-eat lists anytime I'll be in Istanbul from now on.
This is a great spot for a quick lunch before hitting the Turkish market. I'll post pictures of what we had but my top two favorites were Adana and Lahmacun.The vibe is a bustling market outside with calls for prayer on the loud speaker. Being from Dallas, it was a cultural treat and felt like I was in a movie. You have to experience it to know what I mean. Me and hubs had a cozy seat inside and people watched while we ate.Would have both of the above a hundred times again. I'll post pics so you can see. Too much food to remember all the names except my favorites!
If staying in Sultanahmet this would be a great place to get lunch. The food was quick, the servers were very nice and most importantly, it was delicious. The best part about it was that compared to a lot of the other food we ate in Istanbul this place was quite cheap. I wouldn't come here from very far away because it's not necessarily worth a trip to get it but it's great for anyone in the area.
Having gone through the commercial kebab factory Tatseven, I was keen for a more local and homegrown authentic Turkish döner spot. Ziya Baba filled that void, and I can confidently say that I've experienced a rock solid authentic turkish kebab.Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?Ziya Baba is authentic from top to bottom, or at least it's authentic to the degree that I experienced Istanbul during my time there. Ziya Baba is tucked away within a narrow incline off the primary tourist streets, and from the moment you walk in you can tell that this is how kebabs were meant to be before they were exported across the world and commercialized. Behind the counter? A literal mom and pop operation who are cooking everything in a legitimate home kitchen. Sure, seating is a bit cramped as the place gets pretty crowded, but this was a nice introduction to the city and their cuisine. One thing I will point out is that everything is made fresh to order, and the result can be a significant wait. I got my kebab to go and ended up waiting a solid 20 minutes, which was a surprise.  Star Granted.Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?This wasn't a colossal kebab compared to what you can find around the world, but it was enough for a small meal. The cost? Seven turkish lira, which equates to $2.64. That's absolutely amazing, and is the very definition of value. Star Granted.Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?Very, very good. There were two highlights here that were offset by just a tad bit of weakness. The good? An absolutely wonderful piece of fresh bread that was used as a wrap and tender and wonderfully seasoned chicken. The bad? A somewhat clumpy combination of all-spice that was overpowering when you hit a pocket of it. All in all though this was very good. Star Granted.Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?In a city of fast, low quality doners and kebabs, Ziya Baba is the catalyst. It's the authentic, it's the origin, and while it's not the perfect kebab: it's wonderful. Star Granted.
A simple grill house with delicious kebab: lamb, chicken, and eggplant. The meats are succulent and tender, and the portions are large. The chicken, cucumber, and tomato salad is a refreshing alternative to the otherwise very carb heavy turkish diet. Simple food done well at fair prices for such a central location (about 15tl per main).It's a mom and pop and son operation... The owner is a bit gruff and doesn't speak much English. But the place clearly caters to tourists, the menu even has pictures.
The best and cheapest food we had in istanbul so far after almost a month, small, cozy place, the wife cooks and the husband served
This small basic restaurant has a small menu of Turkish fare. This includes a couple of vegetarian options. One person in the group is a vegetarian was excited for the vegetarian plate. I had the lentil soup and the Mediterranean  salad with chicken. Our table liked everything, the food was flavorful and well seasoned, and the portions were on the larger side. I liked that the salad had some lettuce but was primarily veggies. There was plenty of seasoned grilled chicken on it as well. The main course comes with a soft flat bread that is very good as well. Good food, reasonable prices!
In a sea of overpriced tourist trap restaurants with subpar food this place is an absolute GEM. I had a delicious lentil soup (accompanied by really nice bread) followed by hands down the BEST chicken kabob I've ever had in Turkey, and I've lived here for years.Service was great and the prices for the area are unbeatable. Do yourself a favor and definitely check it out!
Wow. This is a hole in the wall you would hope to find when you are in istanbul. Amazing food and good prices. Everything tastes 10/10. Get the chicken wrap, chicken salad and lentil soup. Seriously food here was the best tasting I had in istanbul. What a great find.
The place like a lot of local restaurants is pretty low key. Don't let the decor fool you. I ordered lentil soup and chicken wings. The food was wonderful!!!Highly recommended! Total meal cost was $6.
This has been my favorite place to eat in Istanbul! the owner is extremely kind and honest. The food tasted as good if not better than a place we paid double the price forThe masjid is also right next there, big plus!
So far have been here twice. Never disappointed . It's a local no nonsense place.   Service is fast efficient , family owned very polite. Food is a great value - fresh tasty always makes me want more lol.My favorites: lentil soup , beans, Mediterranean salad.  Highly recommended great find.
Well-priced and tasty food. Mostly locals. I was the only tourist there.Lentil soup was delicious. Chicken kebab wrap (durum) was ridiculously good--so juicy and chargrilled with cushy bread. Tea has a nice accent of what I think is rose water.
Saw this mom and pop restaurant close to my hostel and gave it a try. I had the bbq wings and grilled chicken salad and both were delicious! The meals also came with free bread. Only 34 liras ($6 usd) total so it was a steal. Will be back here when I visit Istanbul again!
TR: yemek harika, ama eleman çok sinirliydi.EN: found this spot via yelp as it was very close to our hotel. It looks like a typical small Turkish restaurant. Simple furniture, small but nice menu for fair prices.This place doesn't have much space for people which makes it more comfortable and gives you a better introduce of the Turkish cuisine. The salad is like typical Turkish salad and the Menemen, which you mainly eat for breakfast, were awesome!BUT: the waiter brought us fries, which we didn't order. As he seemed very angry and without any "Hoşgeldiniz" (welcome) and "afiyet olsun" (enjoy your meal) I was really afraid to criticise about the fries. Although I spoke Turkish to him the whole time, only after we paid the bill (including the fries!), he at least said "afiyet olsun".Nevertheless I highly recommend this place and would definitely go back there!
It's good quiet place and prises is very good I will visit again definitely recommended to order kabab
The food was really good and had a lot of flavor in comparison to some of the other places we've tried. Two of us had the chicken wrap and two of us had the chicken plate with rice. We also ordered fries. Fries needed salt but they were great. However I had to remove 2 stars because the waiter was a grump the whole time we were there. He was not friendly at all. Other than that, I definitely enjoyed my meal. Food is great and even better price. For all of the food listed along with 4 drinks, it came out to a little over 16 US
Great food. Has an outside seating area with awning. The narrow street is active so you can people-watch while enjoying your meal.  Husband and wife run the store and are very nice people.We had meneme and eggs with sausage. It was quite delicious.  It was a fraction of what we pay near the tourist trap zones. Cheap and delicious!
Located just out of the bustling touristy area if Sultanahmed, this little gem is inexpensive and tasty. We've been several times and I cannot tell you precisely what to order coz it's all pretty darn tasty. It's an affordable, no frills - but friendly - joint. We scraped together our shrapnel and begged for as much baklava as our money would buy and they were generous in return.Please, if you do come here, remember it is a low key eatery so if you're after the "Sultanahmed experience" dine elsewhere :)
Simple. Inexpensive.Advertised as slow food, but I saw sodas, so I think that's nonsense.The food is great and inexpensive.Chicken salad was perfectly cooked. The lentil soup was great.The bread was fine.They offered tea, but it wasn't free, which we assumed it was after last night. Not a big deal.. But a learning experience for us.
Good, fresh and yummy! . Very cheap and not very touristy.We had the testi kabob which is cooked I a clay pot. Delicious
If you're looking for a delicious and cheap eating experience in Istanbul, look no further.We walked through the Arasta bazaar to get here.  The food was incredible.  We had a grilled chicken salad and a meat wrap (??) It was soooo delicious and so cheap.  The owner and some people sitting near us also suggested we try the very turkish drink "Ayran," which we did and really enjoyed (it's a weird milky drink that tastes a lot like greek yogurt.  totally delicious.  would be great in a smoothie).Totally check it out.  People watching is great, and there is lots of great music piping in from the hookah bar across the street.
There are several reasons I really like this place.Usually if I can't get outdoor seating,  I'd be on to the next resto.. except all the outside seating was taken by locals.   This was exactly what I was looking for.In a touristy city with touristy food and prices,  this was a gem.  I wanted to eat at least once where the locals eat without having to trek out.I was one of the last to be served before they started turning people away.   They ran out of soup so I was sad,  but my entire meal only cost me 10Ł and it was delicious.  Grumpyish waiter (as i had read), but happy me.I'd eat here again if I was staying longer..
Finally, after total defeat at every single restaurant and bar in the area for food and drinks at unreasonable price , here's the authentic local Turkish cuisine with fresh ingredient at half of the price and twice the quality.
Ziba Baba is amazing. We were tourists, but the place was clearly for the locals. The food was exceptional across the board. The chicken was moist and full of flavor, and the kebabs were just unbelievable. Finally, the owner (manager?) was really attentive and helped us manage despite the fact we only spoke English.Really standup service from a place too good for tourists.
One of the best spots for grilled Turkish food I've tried in Istanbul. Their lentil soup also had a lot of flavor. The price is very reasonable for the quantity and quality of food. I highly recommend it.
We followed YELP tonight and are pleased that we did. The other reviewers have nailed it...its not fancy, not cosy, not for the tourists but a local cafe that serves honest, tasty food. I loved my hot chicken salad and the other half was very happy with his lamb kebab. Washed down with coke and water followed by a tea and Turkish coffee. A grand total of 29 Turkish lira - about £7.50. Just right when you're hungry and can't face the razzmatazz.
We had meleman a combination of egg, tomatoes and paprika. Warm bread and Mediterranean salad and Adana kebab. It was good and we all loved the food. The place is not fancy but the owner is nice. By the way no beers in Ramadan.
Great food and service, and the price is unbeatable for the quality and quantity of the food.
Two meals in a row and this place did not disappoint. There is no fancy terrace with a view, or lounging couches. But if you are looking for authentic, and ridiculously delicious kebabs, find this place. Very reasonably priced as well. Eat here!Added bonus - it is on a very local street, so it's great 'everyday' people watching.
The menu is simple. The place is even simpler. The food is very good.Between us we had three soups, two single lamb kabob, two double lamb kabobs, three of the egg dishes, fries, drinks, and a wrap. (Big group) and we were all satisfied. The total came to be 105. Not bad at all.
Excellent slow food, fast!  The kebab plates were the best we had while in Istanbul and the most affordable to boot (for the budget conscious travelers).  We tried some other places highly rated on TripAdvisor for kebabs but none came close to this place and none could beat the prices either -- nearly one third of the price a similar restaurant in the more high traffic tourist areas would charge for the same meal.  It is a little bit outside of the main tourist area but it was literally a stone's throw away from our hotel, so we were very lucky.  We dined here twice and absolutely loved both meals.
Went there the night we got there for a quick bite. The food is delicious and the service friendly. Will definitely go back.
It was worth walking off the beaten path for this food. For 21 Turkish Liras (about 7 USD at the time of the posting), the boyfriend had a chicken platter and ended with a turkish coffee while I had a lentil soup to start, a chicken wrap and a lemonade. And it was goooood. The chicken was seasoned well and not dry. We were given generous portions of freshly made, delicious homecooking. I now wish we were staying closer here cuz I would eat at least once a day here if I could.
best food in the world! we visited istanbul for four days and ate at ziya babas everyday. try the lentil soup, it is the absolute best. also the lamb has the best thickness and the chicken is full of flavor! definitely recommend eating there
Was looking for a nice place for a quick bit. Checked yelp to discover this gem of a place only 100 feet from my hotel. Very tasty food, fast service and incredible prices. A simple place but genuinely good quality fresh food!
We came here twice during our stay in Istanbul. The koftes are just amazing mouth-watering delicacies and we had them for breakfast once :). The hospitality is amazing as well. Definitely recommend this place for breakfast or brunch. Menemen and sausage with eggs and kofte highly recommended!
This is my go to place when I am in Istanbul. No matter what I've got going, I'll always make sure day I stop by Ziya Baba. The prices are excellent and the food is so full of flavor. It's not in the prettiest location, but that also means that there aren't tons of tourists around. Every single dish on the menu is delicious, so you can't go wrong
This was our second trip to Istanbul and we had really enjoyed the food here on our first trip. We walked more than a mile to eat here but the owner's attitude was unacceptable. He yelled at us to get out continually shouting that there was no space for 10 and that reservations were needed to eat there. He could have easily said all that politely and gotten our business. Thoroughly disappointed in the owners attitude! Definitely would not recommend going here.
Yummy lentil soup. Excellent kebab. Chicken and lamb are very tasty. And pretty smooth turkish coffee.
Fantastic!  My first lunch in Istanbul was a total winner.  Found this place on Yelp!, and was thrilled that I did.  It is a short walk from Sultanahmet square, and totally worth it.  The kebabs were delicious, and the sides super fresh.  I will be back upon my return to Istanbul!
Great local food at a really great price. Nothing fancy in seating. Just the real stuff for locals.
Came here with my wife our first night in Istanbul. Best food we had the whole trip, and it was dirt cheap. I had the combo kebab. It was amazing. Its the owner and his wife; neither speak english, but the menu has pictures on it, so if you point and nod, you're on your way
Amazing food. We got the lentil soup and mixed plate and loved it. Especially recommend the chicken!
Best Kebab I have ever had. First time in Istanbul from Australia, tried quite a few places
This place is faraway from central and not worth to visit cause just simply Turkish sis kebab nothing spcial.  I have chicken sish kebab was just ok . And this restaurant has 2 different page on yelp. 1 restaurant 2 page. Not fair for others I think.
Delicious food, and incredibly inexpensive. Mediterranean salad for 5 TL was probably the single most delicious thing I ate in Istanbul. Mixed kebab was juicy and hot, fresh off the grill, accompanied by rice and vegetables. What a bargain!Two complaints: the bread (real stale) and the grumpy waiter. Ate there one day for dinner, once for lunch, and he seemed annoyed to have customers both times. I normally don't care about a server being curt or distant, but this guy almost spoiled the meal.
Just had lunch there. My wife had soup and I had lamb kabob. Got rice and veggies with it. Bread good. Prices were great. Everyone very friendly on street as well. Lots of hotels about a block away
Excellent food. The rice. The tomatoes. The onions. The kabobs.each item on the platter in it self was insanely superb. And nothing can beat the price. Worth checking out.
Ok someone below wrote that they went there 2x. I came here 4x!!! Do yourself a favor and order the chicken wings, literally the best BBQ style chicken I have ever had.The menu is very limited, but it is very reliable and super inexpensive. Comparatively, you could be paying 3 times more and get the same food elsewhere in the same area of Sultanahmet.
Food was not good. It was cold. Bread was very hard. It was like rubber. May be it was old. I literally feel pain in teeth while eating.
This is a must visit for quality and reasonably priced local food. I ate at expensive Turkish restaurants and this place is better. Do not miss this!
As previous reviews have mentioned, this restaurant is a great value. My husband and I split a salad and each ordered an entree for about $10 USD. The area is outside of the main Sultanahmet strip, however, there is still plenty of traffic around and to this restaurant. When I went, all tables were full with Americans and Brits. The portions are generous and you can see it being prepared when you walk in. It is definitely no frills, but what it lacks in ambiance, it makes up for in flavor. Check it out!
Yummy and inexpensive. Couldn't really see street signs but the area is small so I found it after only a few minutes. Prices went up a little (2-3 TL).
Wow - we loved Ziya Baba Slow Food during our recent visit to Istanbul.  We discovered it by chance as it was located quite near to our hotel.  We loved it so much that on one day we ate there for both lunch and dinner.  Everything is delicious and fresh and extremely inexpensive.  It's a family run place - small, with a cozy (but clean) kitchen/oven just behind the front counter.  The Chicken Shish plate and the Chicken Shish wrap were both delicious.  The lentil soup was especially tasty and arrived with a very generous portion of yummy bread.  Bottled waters were cheap at just 1 TY each (~.30 Euro cents).  We also tried the Mediterranean salad and baklava - also delicious.  Highly recommend Ziya Baba!
The best food I had in Turkey. The wings and lentil soup were top notch. Like others mentioned, don't let the decor fool you.
Great food. Even better price. Went to eat kebap at many other places at Istanbul. Some were a lot more pricey. But this one was one of the best. Try it...
Great food. Inexpensive. Not a lot of ambiance but a good quick bite in a great location. Meatball nicely seasoned.
Very good food and very well priced , the people who work here are also very nice, I will recommend to people in the future
This is a small family-run restaurant. It has excellent kebap plates, but also smaller fare in the form of soups, salads and even wraps called dürüm. The owners make sure that it is clean and each customer is well treated. They also have good tea.
Very good cag kebab! For those who haven't tried, cag kebab refers to kebab preparation where there is layered lamb meat and fat roasting on a horizontal spit. The portions are apparently smaller, likely as the meat is far more pricey.We started off with a lentil soup, which was slightly gritty and not super seasoned / salty. We ordered two portions of the cag, which came with white onions and some tomatoes. To amp up the flavour, we also got a spicy tomato dip - which was very good and complimented the lamb perfectly!The cag was indeed quite small; there were two small skewers and two thin pieces of lavash. It was very gamey and delicious! You could taste the char and flavour. As it wasn't a big portion, we were able to try other things after, but do be warned... it isn't cheap for its size. They also charge 5 EUR for water (served in sealed transparent plastic cups)
If I had to choose one restaurant I'm going to HIGHLY recommend in Istanbul, this is it. Truly 5 stars across all boards. You'll find this 100% local-type restaurant on a very busy street surrounded by tons of people and liveliness. We were seated immediately; you may need to share a table if you sit outside, which captures the community-type feel of this restaurant. However, there is seating indoors as well. The servers were so kind and attentive throughout our entire meal. The menu is limited, yet they've mastered everything served. It's very straightforward -- you know EXACTLY what you're going to get and it is absolutely delicious. The prices are also very affordable.We ordered almost everything off the menu -- the soup, salad, yogurt, cag kebab, and the cag kebab wrap. AND, we ordered seconds. It's definitely crucial to order at least 1 order of the yogurt per pair of people in your party because it's paired so well with the kebab and honestly just by itself as well.We had such a great experience, with much of it due to the the quality of the food and the amazing service. I plan on coming back to eat here ASAP!!!!
This place is fantastic! A hidden gem for sure.They offer a very limited menu with around 6 items (2 of which are mains, the rest of which are sides). While this may seem as being a limitation I truly believe the chefs have mastered the kabaps here. Truly delicious and a great Smokey flavorThe surroundings are busy, and at times can get busy depending on when you come. At peak hours it is not uncommon to share tables with others which can lead to some good opportunities to make new friends! The servers are attentive and friendly. They also are very quick in service.Definitely worth a stop here if you're in Istanbul!
The original home of the lamb kebab.  Watch the master build the kebab and then enjoy this flavorful, tasty sandwich.
With just six items on the menu Şehzade Cağ Kebap is nevertheless perpetually busy, the frenetic pace of nearby streets creating a scene quite unlike many while guests sit down to enjoy what many consider to be Istanbul's best Lamb Kebap.Serving Erzurum-style Lamb from a jumbo-size horizontal spit, the lengthy marinade assuring every bit is juicy save for crispy bits kissed by flame, additions include fiery peppers plus cooling Yogurt and sliced Onions intended to be eaten on paper-thin Lavash.Also offering crushed Tomatoes and Salad for 40 Lira, and housemade Soup for those in the mood, service is fast paced such that a meal lasts perhaps thirty minutes but that certainly isn't a reason to forgo stuffed Kadayif featuring Honey and Walnuts and a compelling texture.
This place was recommended by a local and was legit. It was crowded and there were tourists as it's a touristy area, but it is famous for their authentic lamb kebab that is very succulent. Limited menu and service is what it is for Istanbul but go for the lamb as it was very good.
I can confidently say that this Turkish restaurant in Istanbul is a must-visit. The limited menu of one kebab and one soup may seem underwhelming, but the food is absolutely delicious. The lentil-based soup is a standout, and the ambience is cozy and welcoming. The service is also fast and attentive, making for an all-around excellent dining experience.If you're a meat lover, then this restaurant is a must-visit! They truly excel in their meat dishes, delivering some of the best flavors and textures you'll find anywhere. Don't miss out on this culinary experience!
This place was a hidden gem. We came here because a friend of ours who is a local and had been living here for many years after moving from Iran recommended the place as one of the best restaurants in the entire area. She said it was better than Nusrat's which as an AmericN who appreciates steaks-- might be a stretch lol. This eatery has been featured in many publications and is very affordable. It's also located near the Grand Bazaar in a busy little alley so great for people watching while not being bothered as you eat. What makes this place so beloved is the friendliness of the staff (they're so on top of service and are more than happy to take pictures and let you take pics of the food).The best part - the meat. I'm not a big meat eater and even I loved the flavor of the kebaps. They tasted super smokey and were VERY juicy. The meat gets its l flavor from the fresh charcoal that it's cooked over and is rotated horizontally Vs the traditional vertical
The spicy tomato salsa takes this kebab to another level, do not skip it!So delicious
We came to this street vendor per the good reviews by vbloggers n YouTubers. Not disappointed at all, Çorba (soup), Ezme (spicy tomato paste) and of course Cag kebab (lamb doner kebab with pita wraps. Simply delicious.  Anyone visiting Istanbul should visit this joint if you like to try a local street food.
On New Year's Eve, a local İstanbullu recommended şehzade çağ kebap to me so I went. It's located in Istanbul's Fatih down a side street near the T1 Sirkeci stop. Since the weather was nice, I sat down outside and watched the çağ kebabı cook. As soon as I sat down, the garson told me what was available and I said I wanted the çağ kebabı. Another garson then came over with a plate of sides and asked what I wanted. I asked for  the salad, ezme, and spiced onions. I wasn't sure how much I could eat so I only asked for two çağ kebaplar. Be sure to tell the garsonlar when you have had enough or else they will bring you more. This was my first experience eating çağ kebab and it was phenomenal. I highly recommend trying it if you're in Istanbul. It's a bit expensive if you're a local, but as a foreigner, it's very affordable. I will definitely visit again.
My husband and I visited the restaurant while in Istanbul. We loved it, one of the best meals we had in Istanbul, affordable and clean. Staff was nice, helpful and patient with non Turkish speaking guest. They serve meat in sets of 2 with bread and salad. I suggest anyone to get meat w/ bread, salad of onion sumac and yogurt drink ayran. Great great!
Sehzade Cag Kebap was very, very, VERY hyped up leading up to my visit to Istanbul. Friends and colleagues said it was the best in town, but after a visit following what was a blowout positive experience at nearby Buhara Ocakbasi Restaurant I thought Sehzade Cag was just okay.Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?Sehzade Cag is efficient. The menu is simple to the point of being a picture book, and the dishes (there's really only one with sides) come out nearly immediately. No complaints. StarStar 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?The pricing at Sehzade is a bit confusing given the kebab itself is only $2.75, but you'll of course want all of the sides from the onions and spicy tomato sauce to dessert. Even so, it will run you maybe $6.00 USD tops, which is just absurdly cheap. Star.Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?Everything at Sehzade was just okay in my mind. The kebab itself was fresh off the spit and wonderfully tender, but the flavor in my mind leaned on the onion and sauce, which is a contrast to what I had had elsewhere in Istanbul. The dessert fell well short of expectation especially since there is so much amazing baklava and comparable dishes nearby. Single Star.Star 5: Would you be excited to go back?I liked Sehzade Cag, but there are much better kebabs in town. No Star.
Apparently it's one of those local 'can't miss' food staples in IST, so came to check it out.The presentation of a horizontaly rotating meat stick on wood fire is not something can be seen often, so it's definitely captivating.There is a very limited selection of dishes on the menu, mostly sides to accompany the kebab.Meat porsion is relatively small, size of a snack at most, consisting of two skewers Of tender lamb, greasy, smokey flavor.Does it taste good? YesIs it so much better than the kabab next door? - probably not.Overhyped in my opinion.
This spot is on my top Ten Restaurants in Istanbul and its a must try.Easy going vibe, great location, with nice outside seatings. these guys serve horizontal lamb doner on woodier. the flavors have been elevated with smokiness and sophistication that I won't be able to deliver it without you trying it out for yourself. it comes with thin bread and a side of chilly paste thats killer. moreover, Its reasonable priced and quality is profound.
This is borderline street food in a small bazaar area.  No-frills, quick service. Very small menu (7 items), but that's all you need/want. Ambiance is 100% local, and the food is fantastic!  Might be a little overwhelming for first-time western travelers, but if you keep an open mind, savor the sights and sounds, and have an empty stomach, it is one magical experience!
Tasty sliced lamb straight from the horizontal pit. The meat is tender and well seasoned. The slightly more toasted and crunchy pieces of meat are everything! Catch a seat on the second level for a look at the action from above. You get two skewers per serving along with the thin wrap-like bread and onions to eat with the meat.
After seeing this place on Mark Wiens youtube program, I bookmarked it as a "must try" during my visit to Istanbul. The schwarma was okay at best. Certainly not the tender melt in your mouth morsels Mark made it out to be. The meat was chewy and some was a little grizzly. I give it a 2.5 overall. They rushed us in and rushed us out because there were the hordes waiting behind us. I guess most everybody still loves it. For me, it was one and done.
Excellent horizontal cag kebab in Istanbul. Easy to find in a central location (close to Hafiz Mustafa).  Friendly and quick service at very affordable prices. Straight up hole-in-the-wall. It will be crowded and noisy, you come to an eatery like this then expect it.The lamb meat was just absolutely phenomenal! The skewers have that perfect blend of melt in your mouth charred fat, salted meat and juices. Pair the morsels of lamb meat with a roasted pepper, onions and that spicy tomato sauce and it's on! They gave us complimentary chay after our meal.I'm not a big eater and 4 lamb skewers weren't enough for me. If you're an eater, get at least 6 skewers for yourself!  Be sure to sit outside by the rotating slab of meat so you can absorb the smell of heaven in you.
It's worth the hype. Probably my favorite restaurant in Istanbul. We went there three times. Everything was delicious and lamb Skewers were amazing. The charred wood flavor is like nothing else I've tasted before. Would highly recommend this place.
My family and I were walking around the city when we stumbled upon this super busy restaurant. We decided to try it to see what all the hype was about and I'm so glad we did. Place is perfect for a quick bite since it is fast paced and there is only one thing on the menu. As soon as we sat, they put down plates of salad, yogurt, and onions. They then promptly brought each one of us a dish with two skewers of kebab and bread. It was so delicious and tender. We had 13 skewers of kebab and 6 waters for 186 Turkish liras. I highly recommend it  and we will definitely go back before our trip ends!
I hesitate to write a review only because this was such a magical hidden gem. I've eaten lunch here two days in a row and will probably go back tomorrow. The carving guys look like they're "sewing" small, perfectly cooked pieces of meat together as they carve pieces off for each order.Service has always been prompt and very courteous - they even helped me figure out what to order with my pathetic pantomime skills.*Pro-Tip:- order extra sumac on the onions (included with the kebab)- the spicy tomato relish/spread was delicious but does have a bit of a kick (though admittedly I'm a wimp) but pairs deliciously with the lamb- if spice is at all a concern - definitely order the buffalo yogurt - even if spice isn't your main concern - these guys know what they're doing when it comes to flavor combinations.**fyi, no alcohol, and arrive before 3 pm so they don't run out.
We found this place by accident.  My spouse liked how the meat looked on the spit so we sat down, and then the crowds came.  Poor guy across the street selling the same thing had zero business, has been in business longer according to their signs, and had his employees sit at the tables to try and draw in business.  It didn't work the entire time we were eating.ATMOSPHERE:The tiny restaurant has covered sidewalk seating only and is great for people watching.  They're located near the spice market.  We did have a peddler with her child come up to the tables asking for money while she played the accordion.MENU:Kebabs!FOOD:Red Bean Lentil Soup - It was orange in color and tasted very good.  A medium savory with a nice amount of lentils and more soup, not too thick either.Lamb Cag Kebab - The cag style of kebab is an old school way of cooking the meat horizontally on the spit rather than vertically.  Well it was THE BEST we've had in Istanbul!  Super tender and tons of natural flavor.  It came with sides of yogurt, spicy couscous and lava, which we made into a burrito and devoured it.SERVICE:All the guys were friendly and food delivery was quick.OVERALL:Excellent food, normal prices.  They even won an award on Trip Advisor!
Stumbled across this place while looking for the dance show at the cultural center around the back. The open spit with lamb roasting horizontally caught our eye, so we had to go in.We sat in the small area upstairs, and it was rather plain with simple furniture and tiled walls, and the glass tabletops covered tons of newspaper articles about how great this place was.Fantastic food with succulent slices of lamb meat roasted on a horizontal spit, crunchy tomato-and-cucumber shepherd's salad, thick buffalo milk yogurt, lavash bread, the requisite Ayran for every meal, and a gooey and sweet Kadayif Dolma paired with Turkish tea rounded out our meal at Şehzade Erzurum Cağ Kebabı.The only complaint from my guy friends were that they wished they got more food!
This was maybe a good place for a quick eat.  We stopped here just to try what we saw.  The menu option was entirely limited with only a few to choose from.  Wife really liked it, except the meats they served were full of gristle/fat, so I was pealing some of that off.  The meat was still pretty good, tender, & juicy.  The service was ok.  But the kicker was the tea and when I started drinking that, I felt light-headed and didn't have the hunger I had once I sat down.  We left and I would maybe visit this place again if I wanted something fast to eat but the feeling after that tea made me a bit uncomfortable.
The place is super small, but the meat is freaking delicious.  I am a huge fan of places that only specialize is one dish!  This place gets it right.  The meat is tender and flavorful, the warm bread is perfect for the meat.  Price came out to 34 TL for the main dish at 24TL, side of spicy mix 7TL and can of coke 3TL.
I love Cag Kebap, so I wanted to give it a try in Istanbul. Note that Cag Kebap is a specialty from Erzurum and I had eaten it there at the - in my opinion best ever place for it - Muammer Usta.So knowing how the best Cag Kebap tastes I gave this one a try and I'd give it a 3,5 out of 5. if you have never tried before and you like meat, which is a little bit fatty so it develops the right kind of taste for this dish you can give it a try here - knowing you have to go to Erzurum one day to try the best in the world!Service is good and fast, nothing bad to mention.I can recommend this place - price performance is all right.If you go rake one portion Cag Kebap, a salad, acili Ezme and an Ayran for drink - you'll be happy!Enjoy!
Oui first experience with Turkish food. It ight very well be the best place to start with. They have awesome kebab as a single menu selection and you just chose what you want to eat your meat with.Their lamb is amazing and it's hard to stop ordering more of it considering how tasty and cheap it is.Dessert was not to our taste, then again most deserts in Istanbul weren't...
Wonderful kebabs I can't say enough of this place. Not being in this region since being a child brings back a lot of memories from Iran. Can't go back there yet but this is as good as home.
Cozy, small right in heart of the historical peninsula Sehzade is my favourite stop when I need a fast but delicious lunch. All tourist I brought there so far just loved it. The Kebap is a special one born in Erzurum a city close to the northeastern border of Turkey and it consists of meat of marinated slices of lamb, tail fat, sweet basil and salt. Don't expect a variety of food just go with their horizontally cooked Kebap and yogurt drink.The only thing you need to pay attention is that they try sometimes to give an impression that the salads and yogurt is free they just put them in the table, so return them if you don't want to pay for them.Closed on Sundays
The service is amazing the food is amazing the sweets are amazing that's it  nothing else to say. All in all this was very amazing would definitely come back to back here. The yogurt was fire also
Absolutely delicious and authentic food. They serve one main dish - the Kebap - with a few other items including salad, onions, and their in-house yogurt. Would definitely recommend. Also gave out wet wipes and sanitizer.
Best doner in Istanbul. They didn't even give us a menu they just poured out the meat & a few salads/yogurt. And it was the best thing we ever tasted in Istanbul. An absolute must.
Amazing taste, great customer service and an experience that is a must when visiting Istanbul. I will be back!
They tried to throw 3 sides in the table like they were free, but they aren't. They were 12tl together, but if I didn't ask, they wouldn't tell me. So they tried to get me for 12 to just to sit down. The kebap is fine, nothing special. They need to soak something in the fat they're dripping off, because it clearly wasted.The kebap is fine but I don't like someone trying to take me, once I walk in the door.
Cağ Kebap itself was very good. Portion size was however very small for the price. Overall a good place for just a quick eat. You may want to go for a durum instead of a platter.
My temple!It's just a few mins walking distance to Sirkeci Train station. When you go out of the station just go straight instead of right or left, 200 mt later the first street on your left. This way takes you to a silent and central street. Just at the corner, you'll see the place with a few tables outside and with two floors inside.Definetely the best place you could ever visit for Turkish doner. Sehzade is one of the most popular and experienced place for Erzurum cag kebab. It's basicly a simple doner but in a horizontal form instead of vertical. the doner is cut to a skewer gently so that you could put it in to lavash and create your own roll. The taste is much more better than other street doner as it's cooked/grilled with fireband. The taste reminds you barbecue perfectness. This perfectness costs 7 TL/skewer. 3 pcs would be enough for an average hungerness :)The place also offers a very fresh and tasty yogurt and salad. Yogurt is served in a jug. Even the sense of eating it from a traditional pot makes you feel fantastic. Place is always full and the taste quality is always great. The staff could speak both English, Arabic and Kurdish too.They offer to serve tea after your dish which makes them perfect for me. Thanks god we've cag kebab!
Good tasting döner right off the skewer. Also packed with a ton of waiters for excellent service.
5/5 for the main dish. The lamb was the best thing I've eaten so far in Istanbul. So moist, tender, flavorful, and delicious. Cooked over an open fire it's fantastic. My suggestion: skip the appetizers, the salad is terrible, the yogurt is just yogurt, the ezme is spicy. If you like spicy food I would get the ezme and spread it on the bread and wrap the meat in thereLocation: 0/5. If the weather is cool I would suggest the outside seating even though you'll literally be sitting in a pedestrian street. The indoor seating doesn't seem to have ac, and it's pretty tight so it gets stuffy easily.Service 0/5: it's a streetfood kind of place so they take your order, give you your food, and only come back when you wave them down for the check.Our order came out to be 116 liras for 2 waters, 2 coke zero, 1 yogurt, 3 salad, 1 ezme, and 4 of the main dish which includes 2 skewers (warning* very small morsels of meat) 2 pieces of bread, and 1 grilled chili
If a place has a menu of 5 items and is almost ALWAYS packed with people you know it's a good stop. The service is very quick to keep things moving but they are very attentive as it is a small place. This is a good representation of a delicious Turkish kebap. It is fun to make your own kebap wrap and be sure to fill it with tomatoes, cucumbers, parsley, pepper sauce, with a little squeeze of lemon. So good! It's a great stop right before you enter the crazy Sultanahmet area!
Great food, delicious meat! Although this place is located at the touristic heart of Istanbul, it's mostly popular among the local people. I saw some people complaint about that the portion is small. The thing is that his is the way that "cag kebap" is served, no matter which part of the country you go. The pricing is normal, especially for that delicious meat and everything else.
The food is good,  I ate there twice during my 5 days in Istanbul.  The disappointment came after they add hidden charge on my bill that they easily called it as service charge.  I spent 45 for food and was charged 8 lira more through their creative pricing. Beware!
This place is a great lunch spot after taking a stroll at the grand bazaar. I cannot explain the flavor but it's something you can't find elsewhere. It's juicy, right amount of fatty. Simple dish but the flavor is mind blowing complex. Definitely somewhere I would recommend to anything that visits Istanbul. Love love love their kebap
Amazing. You keep asking for more and yu do will not care how much it will cost you. Because it will peanuts compared to what yu would pay in the US
To say the least, there is no better place for Cag Kebap in the city. The restaurant is not difficult to locate, unlike most other specialty eateries in this area.
Great unique kabob option in Sultan Ahmed. They have one option, cag kabob, which is small pieces lamb kabob served on skewers. Very very tender. Add a couple of the side dishes, an you've got a great simple cheap meal. The place is small, the service is quick, and it's located right off a main street behind the famous Hafiz Mustafa sweet shop. If you're looking for local food that's unique and tasty, go get yourself some cag kabob.
Utterly fantastic. They use a real fire to prepare the succulent kebab. The atmosphere is indescribable
Don't go!  If Yelp allowed zero rating, that would be what I'd rate this place.  Not sure how others could give this hole in the wall place a 5 or even a 4.  We have traveled all over the place and very astute and adaptive.  We knew this is a street food kind of place before going, and expected a simple no frills but honest meal.  This place was hands down a disappointment and unpleasant.1. The meal -- bland morsels of meat, tiny portions for the price 18 liras for 2 skewers and 2 tortillas.  We ordered a salad and another apertizer, the portions of which were very small.   Nevertheless, we did not finish either, because they were that bad.  My husband and I left this place hungry and each ended up buying a sandwich from another store.2. The service -- worst experience, period.  They tried to rip us off by inflating the bill.  We ordered 2 kebabs @18 each, salad @6 and mezes @5.  The total should have been 47 liras for a dismal meal, but they hand wrote 55 on a small square of paper with no detail.  When questioned, the server defended the bill and said it included a service fee and bottled water, which we did not order!  There was no service either.  And frankly, unlike the U.S., service fee or tips are not customary.  Needless to say, it was simply dishonest.3.  Ambience -- no ambience to speak of.  It was a hole in a wall place serving only one kind of kebap and a few basic side dishes.   The tables and chairs are about half of the height of normal ones.  There is no AC,.  We ended up sitting in the alley, sharing a table with other diners.  It was very tight and uncomfortable for my husband, who is 6"3.  My back was close to the grill and it was hot and the shouting between the servers and the grill master was too much.For similar prices, you get much better food, ambience and service elsewhere.  There are so many places to choose from in Istanbul.
This is the best Turkish kabob I've ever had. I searched high and low for the best kebab when visiting Istanbul. Found in a NYT article from a few years ago. The spit is roasted sideways and the kebab master threads a skewer through the top layer and slices below with a knife. I have not seen this done anywhere else.Make sure you order an ezme salad to go with it.I will be visiting Istanbul again in a month and a meal here is one of the things I look forward to the most.
Best kebab I had during my belief stay in Istanbul. Loved that the menu only consisted of five items, all of which were delicious. Unlike most kebab shops, this place fire roasts their kebab (perhaps why my kebab was the least greasy I've ever had). If you go here, you must try the dessert--it's delicious!! We paid ~$8 for a great meal and the server provided us with complimentary tea after we paid!
Food was average at best. Small selection, and overpriced for what you get. There was an extra 10% added to our undescriptive bill that we were told was a 'service charge'. Disappointing in general. Would not recommend. You can find the same food in hundreds of other more reputable outlets in the area.
Cag Kebab was excellent. It was tender, juicy, and had just enough flavor. However, the portion was very small, especially for the price. Good food, but tourist price and small portion.
If you looking for a tasty, authentic, quick and economical place, and in that order, you cannot go wrong with Shehzade. A place that does only one thing, and does is really well. The lamb(only savory thing on the menu) is simple yet exquisite. Slices of meat alternated with layers of fat, spit roasted over an open flame, with the melting fat coating every part of this mammoth pillar of meat. But here is the kicker, when done the meat is sliced and put on a skewer and put on the fire again, for that extra kiss of smoke and crispy goodness from the fire. Served with the right accompaniments of roasted chillies and buffalo yogurt, this was some of the best kebab I have tried. l. Like most places in Istanbul's old city area, this is also a bit touristy, with restaurant owners trying sell you into trying their place. But I resisted the temptation of walking into better looking places, and am I glad I did.
Stopped in here for lunch. Saw it recommended by Michelin guide's bib gourmand list. Prices were indeed reasonable (about 100 lira for drinks, 60-80 lira for mezze, 150-200 lira for large plates).I enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Service was good - attentive but not overwhelming. I got the rocket salad to start and it was bigger and better than expected. I then ordered the tzatziki and manti, both of which were excellent. Portions were filling for the price.For drinks, I had raki and it was brought out in the traditional fashion with water and ice. It was affordable (125 lira for a double).Overall I would definitely revisit, for sure a bit pricy compared to street food and kebab houses but I felt that the value was on par with what I paid.They also have free decent wifi which was a nice bonus. Was able to get some work done at lunch.
Family operated since 2000 Karaköy Lokantası is located on the ground floor of Novotel Istanbul Bosphorus, their Bib Gourmand status suggesting good Food at a bargain price though service at lunch is lacking.Featuring a tiled interior and terrace, plus a rotating selection of Mezze, it is at lunch that the Restaurant takes on traditional plates in limited format - the Tzatziki offered without accompaniment save for room-temperature Wheat Bread lacking both flavor and freshness.Designed as a "workers' cafeteria," though the crowd is mostly men in suits, Entrees include basic Chicken in Tomato Sauce or Grilled Lamb Meatballs versus competent Hünkar Beğendi and Lamb Dumplings topped in fragrant Yogurt.
This is a good quality restaurant for turkish lunch. The menu changes daily and you never know what they will offer. Good quality food. I can not eat oil and they made a small tomato and cucumber salad. The staff is awesome and the service is quick because of the limited menu. Everything is prepared in advance so not much wait.
Nice restaurant, although the Mezes were much nicer than the mains and I would recommend ordering from the wide selection of those on offer.Herbal tea and cocktails were nice accompaniments to the meal.
This was one of the most elegant restaurants we've been to in Turkey.  The inside is beautiful and the outdoor eating is surrounded by greenery.  I ordered the liver and it was served in 3 very thin slices and sautéed and seasoned. My fiancé ordered the chicken with rice. The chicken rice dish was very basic - shredded  chicken over a plate of white rice. I ordered yogurt soup with lentil and noodles. Unfortunately I thought this was a cold soup item and it was a hot soup. After explaining to the waiter I didn't want a hot soup he removed it from the table. I was still charged for the soup on my bill. That was a surprise. Minus one star for charging me for an item I didn't want or eat. The food was good but the portions are small. My favorite was the cold appetizer of yogurt with onions and garlic. It was a nice moderately priced lunch in a beautiful setting. They charge a 10% service charge on the bill.
A good spot for lunch. Service is great. They also have a Michele guide restaurant on the roof floor.
I have been going to this restaurant for more than 10 years. It has recently moved to a new location next to the Novotel.The food is wonderful and service is elegant. Excellent selection of meze , Both hot and cold, as well as a smaller list of main courses.On my most recent visit, we tried the incredible avocado plate, peppers, spinach, borek, liver and lamb chops.  Everything except the lamb chops was excellent. We did send deliver back because it was cold but they quickly replaced it.It tells you something about this place when the drink menu is four times longer than the food menu. Order a bottle of raki or wine and settle in.One disappointment. The old restaurant had wonderful Turkish tiles on the wall. The new place, although clearly much smarter looking, somehow lacks the old world charm. For those who knew the old place, you will be a little bit saddened but this does not take away from the overall experience.
It's mentioned by almost any article about Karaköy as a place to dine. You need dinner reservations like 5 days in advance to have a table. So I was really excited to have a lunch seating.Living up to expectations was the Sheep's liver - best I've ever had period. Even more amazing, it had Zero after taste. It was like consuming foie gras only better. Since foie gras has a hint of gaminess and this one had none.The Red mullet was fine. It's just that I had better fish from plenty of other places. Considering all the reviews we've read talking about the seafood we were disappointed to see this solitary choice.Perplexing in the fact we're next to the Bosporus and relatively close to the Sea.
Loved the food.  But we booked for a table if 7 people and they made us order tasting menus - then they served everything family style. The food overall was delicious but not as great as we expected given the reviews.  The place is lovely with a nice atmosphere.  It is expensive considering how they serve -- etc.
We came here because it was recommended by a local but it felt rather touristy and trendy for sure. The food was very good but the service was subpar and the menu prices are on the more expensive side. They forgot some of our orders and were over all a little slow. After dining out at a number of restaurants in Istanbul during our trip I definitely felt like there are plenty of other spots where you get more value for your money.
Wow! I heard Turkish food was fresh and delicious but this place is over the top when it comes to dining on farm to table locally grown and made fresh starters and entrees!  Of course most food in Turkey is not processed but fresh farm to table and basically organic without necessarily be certified.We had great homemade toasted rye upon which we spread fresh yogurt with spicy eggplant, fava paste ( really yummy), and a spicy walnut paste.  We also had fresh salad and tabouleh made with fresh pomegranate and Chilean Sea bass in a spiced yogurt sauce.  We order grilled octopus and fried zucchini, both of which were cooked to perfection.Get a reservation for this place- they are a local favorite!  The decor is beautiful with teal and black tiled walls and adorable sconces lighting the room and a very charming spiral staircase leading to the upstairs dining room.  I had a glass of Chardonnay that was very crisp and light- no oaky buttery flavor at all.  Very yummy experience for all my senses!
I enjoyed my meal here. I started off with grilled octopus, which was the highlight of the meal. It was crisped to perfection--the best piece of octopus I've ever eaten. Next, I had a main of veal cheek, which reminded me of pot roast. Good, tasty comfort food. I didn't want dessert and instead thought I would double-back and try more grilled seafood, so I added a grilled squid as my final dish. I think the octopus set the bar impossibly high; the grilled squid seemed unremarkable by comparison. I would also commend this restaurant for a pleasant atmosphere and good service.
Nice looking restaurant, but service was bad and food was mediocre. They prepared the driest sea bass I've ever had in my life.
We didn't have a reservation on a Monday night at 6 pm but got one of the last few open tables.The service was great, very professional and patient (we were waiting for a third for a bit), and they could describe everything in English very well. We left a box of desserts we'd gotten down the street here when we finished dinner and came back about 30 minutes later; they had out box safely stashed at the server's station.They don't have Wi-Fi here.They have a display downstairs of all the cold mezes and that was really helpful for us.80 TL before tips for three mezes, one starter, one glass of wine. We also got charged for the water and the bread.See my photos for more details. The Grilled Octopus in the hot starters was the most amazing dish!Overall, very high quality food, but quite pricey. Wish I'd come at lunch, I was looking forward to the Hunkar Beyendi, which is only a lunchtime dish.
Do NOT GO HERE.I don't know how this restaurant is on every prestigious must-eat list, it was truly terrible.Service was terrible - the woman who was our runner was very nice and helpful, but our actual waiter was surly and curt and honestly never bothered coming back to the table till we'd get up to ask where the starters were - the hot starters which were all fish and take no time to cook took 30 minutes to arrive, and also only with us asking where they were after 20 minutes of nothing and no contact from the waiter - note that there were only two other tables in the restaurant at the time!More importantly, the food was almost entirely awful awful awful - the only thing that was edible were zucchini fries with some Greek yogurt and fennel(but then they don't mention there's fennel in the dip so my sister, who is nauseated by fennel couldn't eat it).There was a weird chickpea, onion and potato dip which was very sweet? The seafood was poorly prepared - rubbery octopus with suction cups still inside the tentacle and rubbery calamari tubes.WORST OF ALL - the fish was not fresh at all - actually smelled old - like the prawns, octopus and squid were very fishy when fresh seafood should just smell like the sea. My family lives in a coastal city so we've had access to fresh seafood forever - this was NOT fresh.When I asked for the bill after the terrible starters, they pre-emptively added on a tip for 3 people - since when do you add on a tip for a table of 3 and also the waiter was rude and the crap starters took half an hour to arrive.Honestly, we would have tipped anyway out of courtesy, but the fact that they added it on was cus they knew the service was atrocious.This place is the worst - there's also disgusting dirt on the streets - which you can see while you're trying to eat and one of the waiters was still sweeping dirty water off the sidewalk when we got there - if you open at 6pm you don't start cleaning up the sidewalk as people arrive.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city in terms of quality of food. Everything we ordered there was spectacular. We didn't order main course and ate mezes for the most part. The octopus and Mellon with cheese are musts.
What a wonderful experience. We've been in Turkey for just over a week and, while we've had some wonderful meals, we've been searching for an authentic, contemporary Turkish meal.Without question, we got it at Karakoy Lokantasi. They've been in business for around 15 years and I expect them to be in business for another 15, if not 50!The service was patient and kind. They weren't phased that we speak very little Turkish and were gracious all the way through. I tipped a bit extra for the service. It was worth it. I think you'll find yourself doing the same.The kitchen was awesome. The lamb ribs (chops in the USA), my favorite dish of all time, were heavenly. My wife's favorite dish is grilled octopus and the fresh, tender grilled octopus was excellent. The artichoke hearts were outstanding too, as was the Cacik. In short, the food was amazing.We had our hotel call ahead on a Friday afternoon and got a Friday night 8pm reservation and we're glad we did because the place was full up.Please go to this wonderful restaurant! You won't regret it for a second!!
Worth it to go for the beautiful atmosphere andtilework alone. Sit by the window and find yourself getting a crush on whoever is gazing at you across the table. Just be careful because this restaurant makes everything and everyone seem so delicious they may as well put romance on the menu.
It is one of the most-known restaurants in Karakoy district. They serve very delicious cold / hot starters (meze) and a seasonal assortment of fresh fish. They have a very wide range of alcoholic beverages, which is not common in these days. They usually get a lot of attraction even in the weekdays so it is highly recommended to make reservation. It is easy to access by any means of transport and there is a big car park nearby.
Just a short walk north from the Galata Bridge near the waterfront is a charming little restaurant that has proven to have perhaps the best (and most consistent) food I have had in my three visits to Istanbul over this last year.The mezzes have all been very tasty: the humus, the tabbouleh and most especially the eggplant rolled with tomatoes and onion. The last item was just exquisite. The Turks do amazing things with eggplant and squash, food items I don't normally gravitate to. Here do try their fried squash (mucver). For meat dishes, I'm fond of their meat stuffed cabbage dish and their veal stew.Getting a table for dinner is a challenge here and on several visits I've had to settle for lunch, which is very pleasant and even more reasonably priced than their alsready moderate dinner prices (my lunch bill for one came to TL 35, my dinner bill came to TL 55) These included lovely desserts, quince with cream and dried figs with cream. Both delicious.Go, but do plan ahead and get reservations.
This is the place for Meze!You should come here and order from the great variety of turkish Meze (starters).It's a delight!The Restaurant is located in one of the hip (currently) districts of Istanbul Karaköy. So if you'd like to come in the evening - especially on weekend - reservation is a must. Many locals come here - which is an additional sign that the quality is good.I ate Liver (ciger), karaköy salad, hummus and fried zuccini - all really good and delicious! Paired with a Raki - a perfect combination.Try it by yourself - i can absolutely recommend it!And - if you still got room for a dessert - my hint don't order here (even though I'm sure theirs is also good) go to Gülloglu located nearby - have a coffee, tea and Baklava and make the best possible out of your evening in Karaköy!Enjoy!
Pasta in eggplant sauce was amazing. My husband ordered chickpea casserole with meat. It was paired with tomato rice. He loved it. He also ordered half portion of eggplant with meatballs which was delicious. We ordered tomato, cucumber and green pepper salad with our food. Wiped out all the dishes clean. Servers were friendly and great service.
Went there for lunch with friends. Overall experience is very good, it is a very comfortable, cozy, clean, local restaurant with a true Turkish feeling and friendly waiters. It was recommended by a local.Lunch food was great, we did not have an issue to get in (2pm Wednesday) although did not have a reservation  and were 7 people. All salads have 3 options - small, medium and large. If you take a large one it is more than enough for 2 people.Tables are standing close to each other so I assume it gets noisy at night. There were a lot of Turkish people around in the restaurant, it is always a great sign to see the locals in.Definitely would like to come back again! Perhaps for dinner next time.
We got a recommendation for this place online. We didn't know what to expect, but this place was awesome. We didn't have reservations, but the hostess,  Seçil put our name down... Call ahead for RSVP. Once seated,  she proceeded to take us through a journey or Turkish Mezze... It was amazing. She is truly an asset to this place.
Too noisy! I like the interior design but it is not enough. A few food is good only. Service was very bad and disappointing. I would never go to this place for a dinner again. Lunch time is much better.
This restaurant was recommended by our Lonely Planet Istanbul guide and we tried to get a table for two on a Thursday night around 8:30pm to no avail - turned away at the door because we didn't have a reservation! Undeterred, we came back the following night with a 9:00pm reservation which got us in. That said, showing up at 9:00pm even with a reservation means you probably won't get seated until 9:20pm (which happened to us and a couple of other parties who were waiting). In any case, it's worth the wait!Karaköy Lokantası is pretty well-known in the area, and rightfully so. The menu presents an interesting, somewhat traditional bill of Turkish fare with an interesting wine list to go with it. My sister and I enjoyed a few dishes selected from the menu - standouts included the grilled octopus, mixed Turkish salad, sigara boregi and köfte, all presented with flair and in very generous portions. We chose an interesting Sauvignon Blanc from a region just west of Istanbul which was new and unique to us.The restaurant itself is beautiful - a bright, tiled, two-level space thronging with hip groups of young locals sharing bottles of Raki and whiling the night away. Service here is super friendly, but slow to the point of frustration. That seems the norm in Istanbul, so just be patient and take in the fun scene while you wait! One of the more memorable meals we had in Istanbul and with good reason!
My friend and I were at the Galata Tower early one morning and we decided to have lunch here. I had it bookmarked based on recommendations and I am so glad we managed a meal here.We arrived just as they were opening for lunch, and were seated in the middle of the dining room. It was definitely on the more upscale side. At this point, I can't remember exactly what we ordered...I believe we ordered the two eggplant dishes, the sunchokes, and my friend ordered a soup.The sunchokes were just okay, but everything else was spectacular. The turks manage to make vegetables that I'm normally ambivalent about completely amazing. Service was not the best, but not bad enough to detract from the experience. Highly recommend for anyone visiting for a nicer, yet delicious meal!
This review is for their lunch menu which I have eaten more than 200 times. (yep, two hundred). The only thing I do not like there is the tripe soup (I love tripe soup but not theirs). That's it. You can pretty much eat anything on the menu and I doubt you will be disappointed. Probably the best place in Istanbul to eat authentic Turkish dishes. They may not have many choices like Çiya but to me their dishes taste better than Çiya.I have eaten dinner (meyhane actually) there once and I was not as impressed but I should give them another chance for dinner. However, that night I have eaten the best keşkül ever in my life. My wife and mom agreed on that too:)
Simple, tasty and traditional food at a very reasonable price. Not sure how historic the building is but the interior decoration makes it well worth a visit. Liked the radiators!
Had a very enjoyable dinner here while in Istanbul. We enjoyed a variety of mezzes and seafood dishes, but the standout by far was the grilled octopus - it was charred and seasoned well, and perfectly tender. We also took the opportunity to try some raki; it was definitely an acquired taste and we ended up switching to wine (they have a pretty interesting selection) for the rest of their meal.Service was attentive and friendly - our server spoke English well and was happy to recommend some dishes and answer our questions. The restaurant itself is rather charming, with teal tiling and a spiral staircase leading to the second floor. It also seems to be quite popular with locals, as the place was packed the night we went.
Such tasty and satisfying food, very nice atmosphere, very good service, reasonable price - I'm absolutely, 100% a fan of Karaköy Lokantası.Karakoy area has been transforming and many new places have opened recently and Karakoy Lokantasi is one of the best ones. It is very easy to reach the place even from Anatolian or European part. Karakoy is on the ferry and tram route and if you want to come by your own car, the parking lot is very close to the restaurant.There are two saloons at upstairs and downstairs with an outside seating area but still reservation is required. The interior walls of the saloons are cladded with shiny blue tiles which reflect a traditional ambience with the metal stair. I appreciate that the mosaic floor tiles were preserved since most people try to get rid of these very nice ancient material while renovating the spaces.There are many  options for cold dishes (meze)  and it is not easy to decide what to choose. We listened to our waitress and all the food we tried were extremely fresh and tasty. We went for humus, tabbouleh, meshed faba beans, purslane with yoghurt, meshed eggplant for cold dishes accompanied with RAKI of course. Then, for hot we had mucver (fried meshed squash) which is absolutely recommended. It tasted like my mum's mucver which I couldn't reach the exact consistency; different type of crispy squash served with natural yoghurt; liver slices with fresh cut onions; grilled octopus; shrimp at casserole accompanied with RAKI of course.Then, unfortunately we were too full to continue with main dishes which sounded extremely delicious but there were no room for them. However we couldn't skip the desert and we ordered quince with cream, fig desert with cream, gummy pudding which were too good. My favorites were  figs with walnut and quince. Next time I am dying to try chocolate souffle. We decided to come again as soon possible.
Phenomenal. I love the fish restaurant/meyhane hang on the coast, but this is the perfect place to get that taste in Istanbul. Definitely make a reservation well in advance. The meze is great, I really like their calamari, and the greens are so fresh.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but my favorite was the cow cheeks....truly memorable.
Fantastic all the way around. A friend in Florence Italy made reservations for me saying it was sometimes tough to get a table and I could not contact them (for whatever reason ) from Seattle.Arrived, sat, ordered a taste of almost everything, and of course some Raki too!Delicious and I would go back in a second if/when I'm there again!
Karakoy Lokantasi is so popular. I want to say I get it, but I don't. While the location is nice and the decor is nice, the food is subpar. Maybe this is unfair considering Istanbul has so many meyhane and meze places to choose from. But then again, how can you stand out amongst the rest? The mezes are good and it's a great place for groups but that's just about all it is. Overpriced and not worth going again in my opinion!
Great atmosphere and service for breakfast. The owner is a sweetheart, always making sure everything is up to her guest's satisfaction. Definitely one of my favorite spots in Istanbul.
We were really lucky to have gotten a table for 4 on a Saturday night here without reservations. Service was really great. My friends and I had our first taste of raki here and the waiter was nice enough to explain to us that this is not an alcohol you shoot - haha. We ordered a few dishes to share - most memorable ones being the grilled octopus (so tasty and we'll seasoned) and the grilled fish (pretty good). So glad we got to eat here on our last night in Istanbul!
Beautiful restaurant close to Modern Istanbul and Karakoy, a nice neighborhood with cute cafes. Blue & white tiles everywhere, it does create a special atmosphere. Ingredients are fresh and every dish I had was delicious. Be aware that portions are not giant. If you are starving, eat more than just an appetizer and an entrée. Also, waitresses were very friendly, which was unusual in my experience in the city.
Exceptional place in an up-and-coming (Williamsburg-asque) part of Istanbul. The appetizers are enough for a meal. The artichokes, the fava beans, oh my. The menu is rich and delicious and there are plenty of options for vegan and vegetarian choices. Enjoy !
Incredible place. Located in the heart of a changing incredible city. Its food is of the highest quality. It really is an authentic experience. The best thing i found to eat there is Beyendi with meat...this is an eggplant dish served warm and very incredible.
We stopped here for lunch on a Wednesday and had an excellent, well-priced meal with a very attentive waitress.  It ended up being our second-favorite meal in Istanbul, and hands down the best lunch we had.  Based on that experience we went there on Saturday for dinner.  Although the food was fine, it was much more expensive and it didn't impress us as much as the lunch.  It wound up being our third favorite dinner of the trip, although it did contain one dish which we really loved.The ground floor has lovely tiled walls and is very comfortable.  The upstairs has a fancier vibe, although that may just be because we were upstairs in the evening.  It was quite crowded on Saturday night and reservations may be a good idea, although with just two people we didn't wait to be seated.  At lunch there was plenty of room.  The menu is not very extensive; it seemed as if there were fewer options for dinner than lunch, although this may just be our perception.For lunch we ate yoğurtlu kabak dolması (courgette stuffed with meat and rice, with a yogurt sauce), güveçte ispir kuru fasulye (white beans in hotpot with stew meat), tea, Turkish coffee,  kaymaklı ekmek kadayıfı (a cake drenched in syrup) and aşure ( pudding with chickpea, cloves, pomegranate and more).  The food cost 35 lira (without tip) and the drinks were complementary.For dinner we ate kabak tava, which tasted amazing.  It is wafer-thin slices of courgette dipped in a light batter and fried, then served with a yogurt dip.  We also had çoban saltası (salad), firinda dana yanagi (veal from the oven) and kuzu sırtı (lamb rib fillet).  We drank water and didn't order dessert.  The bill was about 81 lira excluding the tip.  That made it significantly more expensive than lunch, for about the same number of dishes.I can highly recommend this as a place to have lunch, but there were other places I liked better for dinner.  It does appear to be highly popular for dinner, though.  We saw quite a few larger groups of Turkish people enjoying themselves, so it seems like an ideal place to gather with friends.
Great food and service but the portions could be bigger. Even if we went there on a Wednesday night,the place was fully booked. So better to make a reservation. We ordered only mezes and all of them were delicious. I would highly recommend arnavut cigeri and ahtapot izgara.
Good and fresh food. A bit expensive. Service very fast (they remove your plate whereas you are still eating) but we enjoyed it very Well. The stuffed mussels were excellent and only 3 TL for 3 pieces.
Lovely, minimalist place with many good dishes, a straightforward menu, and attentive service.
Fun neighborhood restaurant. Loved the blue tiles and the simplicity of the white table cloths.  The restaurant is known for its mezes; of which there is a wide selection. In fact, you go to the kitchen counter and point to the ones you want. From muamarra, humus, beet salad, Armenian type meze and do on. I enjoyed the atmosphere and no one is chasing you out the door. Just as well since my friend and I didn't leave until after midnight.
One of the best meals we had in Istanbul. Everything was delicious. We sat around 9:30 on Sunday night and it was still full of people. It easy to see why it is so popular.
Perfect experience! Lovely interior, all waiters friendly and the food was excellent, and you have the feeling that they made an effort that for each  dish they made an effort and that they care about food.100% recommended
I came here for dinner on a Friday night. The food was good but the ambiance was even better. I definitely suggest reservations since the place was packed.
One of the best restaurants for enjoying raki. A bit pricey but it's worthy. Staff is friendly, food is great, atmosphere is exceptional.
Upon walking into the restaurant, you immediately embark upon a open-fire grill.  The smoke coming from it made me crave the not-yet-ordered grilled meats.  For appetizer, my friend and I shared the mezze platter consisting of eight different spreads.  It was a great choice because it let us try several different spreads.  My favorites are the eggplant spread and the hummus.  For grilled meats, we loved both the grilled filet mignon and the grilled chicken skewers.  The meats have been aged and seasoned to perfection.  It was the best meat we have had in Istanbul.  You really can taste the difference between other inferiorly prepared meats.  The meats come with grilled flatbread, which was delicious as well.  For dessert, I had the best kunefe ever!  I was so full at the end of the meal that I almost could not drink their sweet complimentary tea...almost.P.S.  Warning: The long pepper that comes with the meats is extremely spicy.  Don't say that nobody warned you.
This was our first dinner in Turkey, and we thoroughly enjoyed it! We were absolutely blown away by the kebab durum - it was saucy, meaty, and super flavourful.We ordered a kebab durum with meze and an alinazik to share. The alinazik was okay; the portion was good and we enjoy the eggplant yogurt, but it was nothing spectacular. The durum was the star of the show. It was served fresh off the grill, so you can taste some of the char (wok hei). It was slightly gamey and super juicy with the tomatoes and herbs. I also liked that the lavash was thoroughly coated in juice and grease, imparting a rich flavour. The durum was so good that we got another one! In terms of the meze, the hummus was super nutty and rich - in fact, it almost tasted like pure tahini. We wish it were a bit lighter with some more olive oil. The muhammara was just okay, but my personal favourite was the abagannuc. I don't usually like eggplant, but this country has shown me a whole other perspective!We were stuffed by the second durum, but of course had to order a kunefe. It was delicious! Hot, not too sweet, and with a beautiful crunch on the outside. Not too cheesy either, but you could definitely taste the cheese. Only thing that could've made this better would be some pistachio bits and perhaps some clotted cream (or ice cream)!Staff were friendly as well, and the ambiance is dark and romantic... fitting for a date spot!
my husband and I had one night to have dinner in Istanbul- actually today.As per our son's suggestion we went to this Antiochia restaurant for dinner.The service was outstanding and the food both fresh and delicious!He told us that his Turkish colleague's parents consider this place as their favorite !!Both the owner Suleiman and the person who helped is with service Omud were very helpful!So this place gets my 5 start recommendation!!
Holy moly, if you want to eat well and have a great experience, this is the placeTravelled from Canada and found this gem of a spot
If I could give 6 stars I would. We came here based off of reviews and were blown away. We came at 6 on a Friday and were told by 7 it would be packed, and they were right. We liked everything on the meze platter, especially the eggplant and yogurt dip. As far as meat, I've never had more flavorful chicken, lamp chops, or beef as I did here. Going back to the US is going to be hard after having food this good. We will probably come back a second time before leaving Istanbul.
From the beautiful brick and black decor to the final yea to end, this was a great experience. The lamb and veggie wrap are amazing to share and the Mezze starter can't be missed. So so lovely.
Came back twice in 2022. Still great, nothing has changed. Grilled chicken and minced meat kebabs seasoned well and tasty. Now have giant simits served with cumin spice.
Tourist scam: rude staff + over chargingWent to this place as I found the online reviews. Good food and shitty staff. The waiter was literally forcing me to order more food. When the food came, they had added something I did not ask for. I had to literally walk to the counter to get my drink since the staff ignored me for 10min. When went to pay they had intentionally added 2x extra cokes and 1x water to my bill. (WTF?!?)
Great restaurant, beautiful inside , food was amazing. Try the fried cheese and merlot. See Suliman.
Discovered this place on my first trip to istanbul and returned the next time because we loved it so much! The exposed brick interiors are cozy and intimate which creates a high-end feel, but the prices are very affordable! Our go-to both times has been the mezze sampler, a great selection of dips to try with the fresh bread. We'll definitely be back here on future trips, highly recommend if you're visiting the Galata tower area!
Have you ever gone abroad, at a great restaurant, came back home and thought to yourself: "Damn, I miss that restaurant's service." That was the first thought that came to mind when thinking about Antiochia. Istanbul in itself was a lovely visit, but there's something about Antiochia that makes me miss it, now that I'm back home...Is it the delicious kefta and kabak and more, I had while there? Is it the fantabolous waiter that catered to us, that made me feel respected as a client and that made me feel like I was being served at home? Or is it the fact that we passed by close to closing time, that there were barely any other people there, which accentuated the coziness of the place?Can I say it was all three? Maybe. What I know is that I ate well, that I felt warm inside when I was there and that for that short hour and an half, that the whole of Istanbul was quiet, as I enjoyed the delicious kefta in front of me.
Exceptional customer service .... And the food melts in your mouth.... It is hands down one of the best foods I have tasted in Turkey... We were complete strangers here and this place was recommended and we were extremely surprised. If you want good kabob that is the best kabob ever best filet... , as a middle easterner I would swear on how amazing this place is. They have two restaurants one that is newer and one that is the first one with more outside but both foods are amazing....Thank you for a great experience ....
Ambience is very nice as well as the service however it's an overpriced turkish restaurant. Food is ok. We ordered meze combo with 8 different mezes included  yet portions for each maze was small. Kofte was a fusion version of traditional kofte which was not very impressive. Main dish- kabab was delicious. Would not go back.
Best meal I've had in Turkey so far. I ordered the beef dish off the grille menu with the mezze sides. The beef was tender and perfectly cooked. The mezze consisted of hummus, eggplant, olives, and yogurt. All amazing. As were the two types of bread. Don't miss out on this place.Value: beef grille and mezze + 2 teas, 1 water, and 1 Turkish coffee (135 lira=$23)
The food here is amazing. The Turkish bread they bring when you get in is super tasty! The ambiance is nice and the staff is very attentive. We both ordered the sis with 4 mezza and it was DELICIOUS! Highly recommend.
Great food and atmosphere. The dining area is small and quite and the host was helpful with helping pick out a delicious meal.
1- ambiance: cozy industrial. Love it2- service: classy. Respect it3- food: deliciousness.Great place for a date, wine and fine food. The prices aren't high, but not cheap either!
This was one of the best meals I had on my trip to Turkey - certainly one of the pricier meals we had, but well worth the extra money. I'd highly recommend coming here if you're looking for a nice ambiance and dinner.We started out with 6 bowls of meze - the server chose for us, but there was not one that we didn't like. There was roasted eggplant, fresh hummus, a walnut spread, tomato and mint salad, a homemade yogurt dip, tabouleh, and olives. My favorites were the roasted eggplant, hummus, and walnut spread. I don't even like olives, but these olives were actually pretty tasty. You can't really go wrong with any of the mezes, but don't leave without eating a few (or a lot) of these.The server also brought us some couscous-batter appetizer filled with minced meat, which was really delicious, and a piece of grilled cheese. I hadn't had either of these dishes, but they were great.Other than the mezes, the highlight of the meal was 2 skewers of the most tender, perfectly cooked steak kebabs. It was better than some pieces of filet mignon that I've had a steakhouses. It was just the right amount of pink inside, and we were all ooh-ing and ahh-ing as we ate this. It came on a piece of durum wrap, and with some chopped tomatoes and roasted tomatoes. Don't miss this dish.The durum wrap was also good, filled with steak that was great quality, tomatoes and red onions. I enjoyed this, but after eating at a bunch of other places in the city, you can probably get elsewhere (check out my review for Durumzade) for cheaper. Nevertheless, it was delicious.We finished our meal with some candied pumpkin, tahini sauce, and crushed walnuts which is pretty typical. I liked this dessert but wouldn't say that you absolutely need to get it. If you come (and you should if you like good food), make sure you get the steak kabobs and meze.The service was really great as our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and talked with us a bunch. The ambiance of the place was beautiful with stone walls, arches, and an open kitchen so you can see them grill the meat. It wasn't a cheap meal (relative to other places in Istanbul), as we paid 400 Turkish lira for 5 people, but it was certainly worth the money and experience for a finer dining experience. I'd come back here again and would recommend this place!
Hidden in a small side street off of Tünel plaza Antiochia is a great place to get and hang out for dinner.  It's a beautiful space, service is extremely friendly, English is spoken fluently, recommendations are spot on. Food is great!!!So why only 4 stars and not 5? That's maybe not the restaurant's fault!  The place is way more expensive than one would expect.Make not mistake, it's worth every Lira but be prepared to shell out More than what you were thinking you would. Conclusion: highly recommended - but comes with a price!Missing: menu is not posted on the website
This place has traditional Turkish food. I suggest you order the dish inside the ceramic urn. It's a real interesting dish and the preparation of the dish is presented right in front of you.Just look over your bill, they do tend to over charge tourists.
I was pleasantly surprised to find such a good restaurant in such touristic place.Service 5 starsFood 5 starsLocation 3 minutes from Russian embassy
A total gem. Locals mostly but very high quality . The owner /manager was an amazing host, and we just trusted him to order our food.  He started us with a mezze assortment - a walnut based muhamara dip, olives marinated in thyme and pomegranate juice/ molasses excellent hummus, taboule with rocket, roasted eggplant, spicy lavash, blasted with an urfa pepper oil then lightly grilled. Very tasty! A dip made of 3 different yougurts and cooked eggplant. Desserts were a cheese with caramelized and breaded cheese then another dessert that was chopped sweetened walnut
they are stealing from their customers and double charging people!do no eat here!!!!!!!!this is the worst restaurant in all of istanbul! not only was the food terrible, but the waitstaff and customer service is despicable!i ate there three weeks ago. when it came time to pay the bill i gave my credit card. the waiter told me they were having problems with the machine, so my transaction did not go through. i showed him that i received a text saying the transaction had in fact gone through and that i had been charged. the manager came over and explained that they cancelled the transaction and they would need to charge my card again. now i have paid for my meal twice. i have been fighting with them for three weeks to get the money back to my account to no avail. i have been in touch with my bank and they said that the restaurant simply needs to cancel the transaction on their end. the restaurant says "it takes a week for the transaction to apper in my bank account."its been three weeks!!!!!!! i still have not received a refund!i suggest finding a better restaurant with better quality food. one that will not steal from it's customers
This review 3.5 FYI.Small, quaint restaurant, with quick and friendly ish service.The food came out pretty quickly, and it was good. Not amazing but good. Tasty mezes, but not really up to the hype that I got from other reviews.I ordered the chicken shish and it was really tender and tasty! Dessert was the crispy pumpkin with walnuts and tahini. It was cool to try but I wouldn't get it again.The restaurant was empty when we went at 8 pm and the music was kind of killing the mood (slow covers of maroon 5, ymca and stuff like that).Overall, good food, and good service :)
My boyfriend and I ate here on one of our last nights in Instanbul.The ambiance and service were great - we felt pampered and all loved up from the dim lights.The food was great - we ordered several small dishes to share and each was more delicious than the next. Our waiter recommended a wine for us and it was also great.After our giant meal, we meandered around the neighborhood, which is also great for drinks and dancing. Winning!
This place is a total tourist trap. The prices are extremely high, the service is bad, and the food is just mediocre. If you are considering this place, instead go to Zübeyir Ocakbaşı. You will have a much better experience.We visited this restaurant last week. We were repeatedly pressured to order quickly. I even asked the waiter why he was rushing me, were they closing soon?We ordered and all the food came out instantly. Our starers, our mains, everything at once. In fact, it came out so quickly that there was no way the food (chicken) was made to order.I asked the waiter why he brought everything out at once and he came some BS reason that he didn't think we were sharing the food. But more surprisingly, he was arguing with me (the customer) in front of everyone else in the restaurant. This was clearly the manager, not a junior staff member.Once we got the bill, I saw it included a cover charge AND A SERVICE CHARGE. I asked why there was a service charge, and if that was disclosed on the menu. The waiter walked away and brought me a new bill with no service charge. I asked why I had been charged one and he simply walked away.You can eat better food for way less money. Don't give this place your business. And watch out for hidden service charges everywhere you go!
Antiochia was recommended in our Lonely Planet Istanbul guide so we made a reservation for 9:00pm on a Saturday night. This is one more restaurant in town where a reservation is merely a ticket to enter, since you'll wait for 20-30 minutes for a table anyway (as was our experience). The hosts and service are extremely friendly and obliging, but some patience is required as you wait and hungrily see all the delicious dishes passing you by on the way from the kitchen.Anyway, we were finally seated and the friendly waiter came over and offered a few suggestions. We ordered a course of six meze dishes along with a mixed Turkish salad, and a grilled meat wrap (I can't remember the name in Turkish but this seems to be the dish the restaurant specializes in). The waiter encouraged us to order more, but this was really more than enough for two people. The food was all delicious with the mezes being light and flavorful, Paired with a couple of rounds of raki and a Bamonte beer, this was an exceptional meal. We finished with semolina halva for dessert and some complimentary tea which was great.The restaurant itself is beautiful - a cozy, vaulted brick space with lots of tables close together and lots of groups having a great time. We really enjoyed this, and I'd recommend it if you're looking for an interesting, centrally located spot in Beyoğlu.
Kindness is the trademark of this restaurant from the moment you walk in. The atmosphere is the right combination of being fancy but without losing a Turkish touch. The service is quick and very attentive. The food is tasty and well presented.
This is a lovely restaurant and the best food we had in our ten days in Turkey; it was prepared well using fine ingredients, and their olive oil is excellent. The atmosphere is very nice and we liked Antiochia so much, we ended up going back a couple of times. It's also in a great neighborhood and just around the corner from a bunch of very hip bars where it's fun to grab a couple of drinks and people watch after.We made friends with a guy from the old city, and this was the one restaurant he recommended in Pera; apparently they had a sister restaurant near his house in the old city that he loved.We had Bulent and Sinan as servers and both were authentically nice people and we enjoyed talking with them greatly (there are plenty of smiles for a tourist in Turkey, sadly most of them are fake). And aside from making us feel really at home and explaining the food to us, Sinan made excellent suggestions in pairing wines with our meals. They were so sweet, they even gave my wife a little parting gift on our last night there.(Writing this made me think about how good their food is, and I would go there right now if I could!)
Great Turkish food at this place. The mezes are particularly tasty and the staff welcoming !
The best food in Turkey that we had during our 12 day stay in the country. We tried a lot of different types of kababs, but this place surpassed them all. The staff were awesome and polite, and the place is cosy and warm. Five out of five.
I love this place. I've only ever dined in the newer establishment next to house cafe in Tunel. The food is consistently good; from the eggplant mezes to the grilled meats. They also have a fantastic mezes platter for sharing and don't worry if you are eating alone they also have grilled dishes with four meze samplings. Delicious. And did I mention the bread?  The service is also great and I love the fact that the staff remember me and welcome me back. Prices are good as well.
Amazing food! You have to try this place if you are in Istanbul, its a must! The staff is great, the food is high end with a very fair price.
A wonderful and authentic restaurant near Taksim. Southeastern Turkish delicacies, great ambiance, wide selection of drinks. Definite must.
Our only complaint was that we ordered too much and ate too much (they do try to get you to add items to your order).Otherwise, the food was excellent - could be considered a slightly upscale take on standard Turkish street foods?Service was slow, but restaurant was busy.
Great ambience. Smoke-free. Delicious food - a bit modernized Turkish dishes. Great service.
This offers the most amazing Turkish food we've had! The service is superb! The flavor of every single item is clean and fresh. The mezze are fantastic! The chicken and lamb sis are cooked perfectly, tender and flavorful. It's affordable. Check it out. It's worth your money!
Yum. Clean eating at it's finest. Will fly back from Manhattan to eat here again.
Oh my holy Durum. the meats are grilled well and smoky with that real charcoal kick. the ambiance is very romantic for quiet little spot near istiklal. We loved the meat rolls.
Great little place in Pera district....food is quite fresh and authentic!
It was a great experience. The food, the service, the atmosphere, and the raki! I definitely recommend it!
Mezze items were pretty tasty (take this coming from a Lebanese food snob) and kababs were actually well spiced and, at least the one we ordered, come wrapped in this delicious bread. Reminded me of a kati roll. Nice ambiance, too.
The food was amazing! Service was excellent. Definitely a must try!! Beef and lamb were delicious, a must order!
Down a winding alley in the lively Galata district is this highly recommended kebab restaurant. We started with six lovely mezze, followed by a wonderfully tender kebab of filet. Good service in a setting clearly enjoyed by tourists and locals alike.
On a vacation to Istanbul some friends and I decided to try Antiochia based on yelp reviews, it was adorable, friendly and the food was very tasty! I highly recommend the mixed appetiser plater!
I came here for lunch on a recommendation from the Lonely Planet guidebook. (Lunch discount from 12PM-3PM). I had a plate of grilled meats, grilled tomato and a salad. Must say, the highlight of this meal, was the grilled tomato. Everything was delicious, but the grilled tomato really stood out. It was like biting into an apple. It was so juicy and bursting of flavor.  Definitely get the tomato! And the grilled meats :)
Excellent Turkish style dinner. The fresh pitas went perfectly with the variety of mezzes you can order. The meat is tender, juicy, and perfectly seasoned. I have already eaten here twice and was thoroughly satisfied with everything that was brought to the table. We ended our meal with a very unique dessert of candies pumpkin and vanilla ice cream. I've never had anything like this! Highly recommend this for anyone looking for a great Turkish meal!
We ate here twice during our recent trip to Turkey. Among the best food we had on our trip. Friendly service, excellent food. Be careful how much you order though, portions are generous. Also we discovered here how great Turkish red wines are.
Great location and interior ambiance. Good food and service were top notch. The restaurant has several different small dining areas which gave a more intimate experience. The menu was small on selection but we appreciated that as everything was amazing. We had a nice steady service of small appetizers preceding our meal. Neighborhood had a great vibe and was able to have a post dinner drink after our meal.
Super Dinner in real turkish style. If you leave it open to the waiter, he will come with great starters to enrich the dinner. We also had a great turkish red wine. Absolutely recommended and a must go in Istanbul!
A friend took me here and I was AMAZED! They serve southern Turkey's Hatay region cuisine. Great entree's, super tender meat. Friendly waiters, lovely little alley. My favorite restaurant in Istanbul
This Lonely Planet recommendation met our high expectations.Antiochia is a tiny restaurant in a chic part of Beyoglu serving food from southern Turkey.The menu included a wide range of appetizers - we ordered two sampler plates that covered the full range including Abagannuc, Aubergibr and Hummus.   The main dishes were wonderful unless you're a vegetarian, including wraps, kafta, chicken kabob and veal dishes.The restaurant is small - making for an intimate experience.  We called an hour in advance on the weeknight for a reservation.  The servers were outstanding and very personable.Highly recommended for a unique taste of Turkey.
We had the most amazing meal here this evening! The food was beautiful, especially their meze starters. The service was excellent and they had a great wine list. We had the best night, would definitely recommend!
Exceptional Turkish food in a spacious but still cozy dining room. Service was excellent. I would go again tomorrow if it was here in NYC. A nice break from patio and sidewalk dining and aggressive recruiting of some of Istanbul's meyhanes. Quiet. Nice. And not expensive.
A little hard to locate, but called restaurant and owner walked down to Taksim Square to escort us to our table.  Food was outstanding - the best meal of a 5 day culinary tour around Istanbul.
An unforgettable meal.  From the moment we walked nervously in the door we were greeted like family and fed like royalty.  The assorted mezze consisted of familiar flavors but were of an exceptional quality we had never before tasted.  And you absolutely must have the pumpkin dessert.  It defies all expectation.  The memory of that remarkable texture, that harmonious blend of elements still haunts me 2 weeks later.  Yes, it's crowded, but do you really want to eat in a restaurant where the crickets are chirping?
Really enjoyed! The place is small and has a bit of a "Western" look - which apparently is usually not a good sign if you're looking for good food in Istanbul, but shouldn't put you off in this case (or so a friend said). It mostly serves meat (all the entrees involve meat), but if you are a vegetarian or a vegan like me there's plenty of choices among the mezeres (appetisers/tapas-like food). The highlights of my meal were the most creamy humus I've ever had in my life, a sun-dried tomato spread that was amazing, and thyme-marinated green olives. It all came with very spicy bread, so if you don't like spicy that might be a good thing to know.
Great place with delicious food and wonderful views! The entrance is a little difficult to find but after entering what may appear to be a small office building door on the Main Street and climbing to the second floor, one is greeted with a spectacular view of the ocean and skyline.The food and service were great. We had octopus and a few jumbo shrimp as appetizers. We then had grilled sea bass as a main. The waiters were very helpful in giving suggestions and recommendations. They even gave us a few small dishes and desert to try on the house. The seafood was fresh and flavors great. Would really recommended to others and will definitely be coming again.
don't really get it. the whole show you all the mezze apps before you order is nice, but we hadn't been sitting for more than 30 seconds when they brought it over and got a bit frustrated when we asked if we could order a drink first. octopus small plate i think is a must. best thing we had. hummus comes piping hot (?) which was a little weird. large shrimp were fine. sea bass on the grill pretty good but required us to season everything ourselves. not sure if that was on purpose. double free dessert is nice but probably not necessary. this was probably the big letdown of the dinners that we had.
I enjoyed this restaurant and would recommend it, I didn't really care for the waiter constantly telling me the price of things as if I couldn't afford it.  But the food was great.
I absolutely LOVE this place . The service is absolutely fantastic and the food was good as well.https://buyozempiconlinecanada.com/
Fun delicious and reasonable! Try to book a table with a great view, but frankly the seafood here is terrific and the very kind staff want you to have a good time. We went back two days later for the same grilled levraki, salad and mezze and rose wine. My wife loved the view and food and ambiance. I loved the meal!
Eleos is by far the best place we visited in Istanbul. Our server Selami was very nice and professional. We had compliment dessert from restaurant very decent size and very delicious. Food just perfect from starters to main course. View is the best as well. We would come back and can recommend to others.
This place is a hidden gem. The entrance is right on the Istiklal street but it's not easily visible and you have to enter an old building that is more like and office building. But when you get to the second floor and enter the place you will love the view. The staff are super nice and friendly. For appetizer I got the grilled octopus which was amazing but they brought an additional crab pasta appetizer on the house! For main dish I got the Sea bass with eggplant and it was really good. The Sea bass had cheese on top which I had asked not to put it ( just as a matter of preference) and they made mistake and put it anyway. I am really glad they made the mistake :) however they were really apologetic and offered to bring a new one which after I said it's fine they brought tea and dessert on the house! That is how you treat a customer! Very good experience and would recommend it to anyone.
This place used to be amazing 2 years ago and it was my go to spot for nice fancy dinner anytime I visited. However, it seems like their chef changed and nothing I ate was good at all. They used to decorate the table with complimentary appetizers, fruits and cheese that they no longer offer. We ordered a fried sole fish and it came as "fish chip" with ketchup and mayo instead of whole fried fish that we ordered. Overall, over priced and poorly cooked food.
I absolutely LOVE this place, albeit it hard to get to it was worth every step!The service is absolutely fantastic and the food was good as well.  The restaurant is located on the second floor of a a nondescript building in a bustling area where shops and nightlife are at 100%!We did not have a reservation, but the concierge was able to secure us a table, although not on the terrace (ambiance was still great).  We were welcomed with a shot of traditional alcohol and followed with an order of hummus, house complimentary mushroom grilled, Greek salad for two (really only needed one, then our fresh jumbo prawns with garlic (note they do add some type of hot chili/seasoning- if you don not like spicy say so), and friend dover sole (again the spice thing).  Followed by dessert which was yummy!  Oh did I add we had a descent bottle of wine as well...Ok so the bill comes...VERY REASONABLE for what we got and the great service!  Will we come again absolutely!
I was very excited to find out about this spot on Yelp so I bookmarked it on my list. I go to Istanbul regularly almost every year and I am well familiar with the seafood culture there. However, I didn't really have the best experience. Although its a greek seafood restaurant, service was ok and overpriced. moreover, Its a hidden spot on the top floor of a building so getting up there could be challenging.
My daughter and I were lucky enough to find this beautiful JEM while traveling thru Istanbul. Everything about this restaurant was incredible and we ended up dining there twice in one week.  You'll find the entrance off the busy promenade by looking for their Sign to the right of the ground floor door into the tall building. Walk in, go up a few stairs and turn right for the elevator. We chose to take the stairs up 2 flights, to the entrance.The decor is light and crisp whites and Mediterranean blues, with a sprinkling of fish/seaside decor. There are a few tables in the entrance dining area and then if you are lucky you may snag a table out on the open air terrace with boasts beautiful views of the ocean and city landscapes.Now given the fact that I sell seafood for a living in the states, I know a bit about quality, well prepared seafood. Your meal will start with the presentation of a complimentary shot of locally produced liquor and a bite of gourmet olives and bread. Both nights that we dined we were showered with bits of extra "tapas" dishes, that included delicious cheese crusted squash, sautéed mushrooms and their amazing lobster sauce baked surimi dish. All of these sprinkled into the mix of the tapas that we had chosen.You will not be disappointed by the grilled jumbo prawns topped with chili oil sautéed fresh vegetables and the fresh sea bass.Just when you think you cannot eat another bite, a warm chocolate volcano type desert topped with creamy vanilla ice cream is placed at your table to finish this amazing meal.The atmosphere at ELEOS is warm and inviting and the service "Mukemmel".  Oktay and Eagin were attentive and added to the overall ambiance. Well done!Seeing many locals enjoying special occasions and date night at ELEOS makes me sure of our decision that this is one very popular hidden jewel.
Great views, amazing service, and delicious food! We ordered a few starters (beans, stuffed peppers, shrimp stew) and got a few others on the house, all of them were delicious! Sea bass was in season and we got the grilled fillet, also very good! They also gave us a Turkish dessert on the house which was amazing. Definitely check this place out.
Amazing location, superb food and unbelievable hospitality. The Sea Bass is incredible and perfect for two. The Suirimi and the kokorec is equally as good and rich in flavor. This is a must if your in Istanbul, you don't want to miss out on this hidden gem!
Friday afternoon we might a sister of a friend for tea near Taksim Square while on vacation.    She recommended dinner at Eleos cafe.  She said it's where she takes out of town visitors.  It was great.  It is hard to find, but worth finding!It has a pretty blue and white decor, and had a lovely view of the Bosphorous.  The food was delicious and they brought us so many complimentary things!  We thought it was a great value.  When we first sat dinner they brought out complimentary shots for us.  We ordered hummus and beans as Mezes, and they brought us mushrooms and something else for free!  The hummus was some of the best hummus I've ever had.  It was served warm, which surprised me.For Mezes, they bring out a tray with all of the different Mezes out so you can see everything.  I thought this was really helpful!We had sea bass and dover for dinner.  Both dishes were great.  The dover was in a lovely tomato sauce with onions,peppers, and mushrooms.  The sea bass was grilled and fresh tasting.  This was a great meal.  Then they brought us complimentary desert of a molten lava cake with vanilla ice cream, and the semolina dish with ice cream inside of it.  Both were remarkably delicious.  We have two desert lovers in our group and we agreed these were outstanding deserts.  This was the first version of the semolina desert that I really liked.  You cannot leave here without having desert!I really enjoyed having dinner at Eleos and thought it was a great last dinner for us in Istanbul.
Good seafood restaurant with an open terrace and beautiful view. We had cold appetizers, jumbo shrimp and grilled sea bass. Appetizers were flavorful and filling, would not order jumbo shrimp again though; it was simply two shrimps with mushrooms and bell papers fried in lots of butter. Grilled sea food was well prepared and the portion very generous, hard to finish after having appetizers. Service is superb and they offer complimentary tea and dessert. If you want to sit outside, which is highly recommended, make a reservation at least a day before.
Wow. Tucked on a second (in Turkey they start from zero) Floor of a nondescript building on a popular tourist street, hard to find. This place offer amazing views of the Bosphorus Straight. This is mostly a seafood restaurant with some vegetarian options. Sea bass is out of this world, mushrooms and their version of eggplant paste is great, Eleos Seafood Salad is amazing. Chardonnay is superb. Zucchini was majestically prepared. Our waiter Oktay did an amazing job.I would recommend reservations or outside seating or great view seating may not be available.
Hard to find but great rooftop view. They come around with trays of cold appetizers but go easy. We ordered hot grilled octopus and they brought complimentary grilled eggplant and a baked lobster dish and grilled mushrooms. We ordered sea bass, which was very good. We met nice people at the next table and had a great time.
Delicious food and elegant dining area with views of the city. It was a little difficult to find the restaurant. There was a makeshift sign outside the front door. The building looked like there would be offices or school rooms inside. Visitors need to make their way up a dark stairwell or an old elevator before arriving at the entryway to the restaurant, which was strange. However, once inside, the ambiance was very welcoming. The food was delicious, and a manager even came by to check on us. Portion sizes were large and excellent value.
Definitely one of the highlights of the trip!This place can be a bit hard to find, as its in a non-descript building through a small non-descript entrance nextt to a starbucks.At first, I was wondering where I was being taken, and then I was hit by a weird smell (The smoking area is right outside the restaurant next to the elevators) but as soon as I walked in, it was all past.The place is a bit small at first, but once you walk into the open section, your jaw will drop. The view is absolutely stunning!!!!The seating make it feel like a warm greek family dinner, which was 100% perfect.I trusted my turkish colleagues to order everything (because Im sadly a 100% anglophone) but man it was all tasty!With the Reki and Ouzo a'flowin, the major standouts were:The grilled oyster mushrooms! seriously to die for.The Spicy Cheese mezze - omg so creamy, a bit spicy, and lots of sundried tomatos!The Fresh Feta Cheese triangles!The deserts omgThe Octopus grilled was phenomenal!!The frest fruit on ice w/ desert shots.Seriously this place is a great time!The only thing I didn't enjoy was the mezze with the fish around an olive, but you ain't losin a star for that. Definitely a must try!
Simply amazing! A must try for any traveler coming into the city looking for an upscale Turkish dining experience.Great tapas style dining based around Mediterranean cuisine. All the dishes we had we fantastic and nothing like I have had before else where in the city.The staff and the atmosphere was wonderful. I had a local with my party so I cannot speak as to whether or not the staff speaks English well but they were very friendly. They even brought several dishes to our table free of charge including octopus tentacles, a fruit platter, a chocolate fudge dessert and Turkish coffee. All were great!I would go back here any evening. Be prepared to spend a little more for such a great experience and plan ahead by making a reservation.
This review is not for the food, rather than the experience. The place advertised open until 2am. I showed up around 10:30, the place stopped taking the customers. Next day, i went there at 9pm and i was told need to come back in one hour. I guess i have to find out another time.
Really cool "white" meyhane which I believe focuses on more seafood type dishes. One of the perks was that the restaurant is not too touristy. Make sure you reserve ahead of time and get a balcony view as the restaurant oversees the Bosphorus. They start out by bringing out a huge tray of cold mezes for you to choose from. Don't go overboard as the portions add up and you also get a few complimentarty appetizers. You then order a combination of small and large sizes dishes to share. We over ordered on the mezes, so we ended up sharing a small buttered shrimp, octopus, and a huge portion of grilled fish. Everything we had was fantastic and the service was exceptional. Can't recommend more.
Given the reviews and that it was a Saturday night on Istiklal, I called in advance to make reservations. When I called to asked for a table with a view and the man made the reservations saying it was his last table and to call if I couldn't make it. When we arrived we were shown to a table that wasn't by the window. When I informed them of my request the man who spoke with me over the phone came over right away. It appears that he meant it was his last table, period. Not his last view table. Simple misunderstanding but I informed him we were celebrating a birthday and really wanted the experience to be special. He said he promises to take care of us. We sat down and since the table next to us (next to the window) was still open we could see the view and didn't find it incredible. Maybe it was where we sat but it was hard to see and the windows weren't the cleanest. We could just see some lights and boats in the Bosphorus area.They did keep their promise through showering ya with extra food every chance they got. In the end he brought us a special dessert with candles and ice cream which was delicious. They really made up for it and he staff and Service really was incredible.The food: you'll find this sort of seafood menu very common in Istanbul and particularly on Istiklal but the quality here was far better. Definitely recommend the smoked salmon and octopus. The spicy muscle dish was also delicious and so were the stuffed peppers.Tip: most said this place was hard to find and that's because any map takes you on a side street but the entrance is on Istiklal. You'll see a sign for this restaurant at the corner on Istiklal. Take the elevator to the second floor.
This place is just amazing. I was a bit worried that it was going to be one of these tourist/lonely planet traps but it was the complete opposite! Everything from the food quality, the service, the amazing view, and the fact that local Turks also go here, is why I would highly recommend it and definitely come back next time I'm in Istanbul!
I went there after a friend's suggestion. It took us around half hour to find this place since we didn't have internet on our phones, and asking the locals was not much of help since they didn't know it!When we got upstairs, where the restaurant is, there were no other costumers and also no one to welcome us. All bad signs had be revealed to us, but we stayed anyway.... and that was the best decision of the day! All staff was in the kitchen because they had a wedding reception later, so once they saw us everything was as supposed to be. SUPER service, awesome food (best I had during my whole stay in the city) and ridiculous prises compared to what you get.The fried squid was just to die for. That cook really knew his game! Also the fried red mallet was amazing. So nice that I remembered to take a photo only when one was left! We also had a Greek salad and some aubergine spread that also were delicious.I don't know if they liked us or they were testing the starter of the wedding  reception, but we had a complimentary (huge) plate of pasta salad with lobster! And when we asked for the bill, we also got a complementary fruit bowl and liquor shots.The scenery and the dining area were fantastic. But even if it was a rathskeller, I would definitely go back again and again for the food!
Thanks to Yelp I found this place !! Now its my favorite place to go ! I really enjoyed the nice designed of traditional grec tavern look inside, also the view of Bosphorus is astonishing ! Let's talk about the food now ; I loved all the tapas that I tried especially the treats that the restaurant brings you is really nice and tasty too !! My favorites were fava, patlican,kalamar tava,salad, and karides tava ! I highly recommend if you want to have a nice dinner and spend some quality time with friends :) also the location was really easy to find it's located on the istiklal street on the hidivat palace :)
OMG! So good! I've been to over 34 countries also I live in San Francisco and I tried a lot of seafood spot in SF ,but this is my favorite seafood spot.This seafood place is FANTASTIC. Hands down the best Seabass that I have ever had. The service and food were excellent I would highly recommend Eleos Restaurant -loving small parties and couple. This place was definitely a Istanbul treat and I Can't wait to be back.
Best meyhane! So many ikrams.. everything in its best shape.. music is great along with the white walls and istanbul scenery.. so wonderful to visit this place..
Yes, the only negative is finding the restaurant.   Signage is almost non-existent, The staircase looks creepy and the elevator non-reassuring, but use it!!  Once you've navigated through the obstacles, you arrive in a different sunlit world, blue and white (it's Greek after all), and a view the French would call " imprenable".   Many reviewers say their is no menu, but there is, and you need to tell the waiter that you need some time to look it over.   The truth is that, you can also let the waiter choose for you. English spoken.We had hamsi (anchovies) and beets as a cold meze.  We opted for the grilled octopus as a hot appetizer and the kitchen also sent out the hot crab meze.We split the grilled sea bass as our main.   Delicious.   Two yummy desserts were also on the house plus chai. Wine, as nearly everywhere in Turkey, is over-priced (Puritan attitudes and a great revenue source).  Bill for two with a glass of wine, including tax and tip: $75.  A bit pricey but a great experience.
The appetizers and desserts were so good and the grilled seapass was so delicious. Our waiter, Engin Sahin, was very attentive and his service was outstanding.
This was strongly recommended by a local guide and it was well worth topping off my Turkey trip on.  For full disclosure, I dislike cooked seafood.  Sushi, I adore, but there is something about cooked fish I have yet to appreciate.  This establishment gives me an idea of what I am missing.  The restaurant has a terrace and a balcony view overlooking the Bosphorus.  Most of the people here are Turks in large groups (big tables full of dozens of people).  The atmosphere is jovial, but be warned cigarette smoking will occur.Ordering food here is an experience.  The waiter comes by with a large display of cold mezzes and you pick.  From there salad and hot mezzes.  There is no menu, you are just offered food until you decline.  The entree was a grilled sea bass done very nicely with salt and olive oil.  Simple and delicious.  I would recommend the place for a great Mediterranean meal.
This place is a bit hard to find,  but I do believe that's the reason it's stayed such a well hidden gem instead of flooded with tourists like many of the other places we've visited while we were here. The staff was amazing, there were no tables outdoors so e sat inside and ordered the Mediterranean  salad and 1kg of grilled sea bream, which is about 4 pieces of fish the size of your palm. It came with a bunch of freebies (2 shots of Raki, fried zucchini, and yummy mushrooms) , which were super delicious and halfway through,  the staff came and informed us that a table had opened up outdoors and moved us out there. They also gave us a free dessert (a local brandy and selection of fruits) and we're overall very accommodating.
Breathtaking view and nice meze, great service. But except of the view and a service nothing deserves 5*
We thouroughly enjoyed this meal event.  Though some complain about it being hidden, I think this adds to the charm.  You have to search to find this place, though the entrance is on a busy street in the Taksim/Galata area, you have to go up through several flight of stairs and you feel like you are lost.  Then you walk into this comfortable, bright and welcoming restaurant with an incredible view.  Get outside seating if the weather is right. As is custom you will be shown the meze at the beginning of the meal, and they are likely to throw in some meze on the house.  We also had a warm starter - fish kocorec which was a variation on the traditional street food.  The main fish dish was recommended was one of three fresh catches and it was great.
I've never posted a review before (for years I've taken advantage of other people's labors!) but I felt compelled after my great experience here. I could talk about the great service and the wonderful small plates you get for free but that's already been covered by other reviews.I'll just talk about one dish...the grilled octopus appetizer. It was probably the first dish in a couple years to wow me...and I live and dine out in New York City!  I would put the quality and freshness of the octopus up at the level of sashimi grade of the most exclusive (read expensive) Japanese restaurants in Tokyo. It was simply seasoned and perfectly grilled so as to show off the octopus itself.  Of course, I could've gotten lucky and come at a perfect time when they got such fresh octopus but I say put in on your bucket list.  I'll remember that taste long after I forget all the names of places I visited in Istanbul.
We went back here last week and I was even more impressed. The food is so good, fresh and delicious. The service is top notch, charming friendly waiters who speak English. Lot's and lot's of complimentary tasties and when the check comes you aren't upset! I love this place. For sure in my top 5 Istanbul restaurants.
Fantastic food and service. Best place in Istanbul. Had to go there twice during my short 5 day trip. Would recommend this to anybody going to Istanbul.
We walked into this place on a whim while walking around shopping in the area. It's on the second floor and seemed uninviting but boy were we wrong. It's an adorable restaurant with a view of the Bosporous. For the less breezy nights the outside seating would be perfect. We were offered a lemon drink/shot. The appetisers could be selected from a presentation tray. There were at least 24 options. We picked the cheese and tomato, which when tried with bread was yum! We ordered grilled sea bream for dinner. I liked the flavour of the fish. What was amazing about this place and unusual for us was the "complementary" dishes. This included a zucchini app with dill (I love dill!!), lobster in a cream sauce (whoa, best thing we ate all day) and salad. The only thing not pleasant was the bill - would have liked to be informed how expensive the fish is cause the prices were not on the menu. But in no way did it tarnish our lovely experience. Must try if you are in the area!
Beautiful spot with a roof terrace overlooking the Bhosphorus.  Food is incredible with a diversity of choices, had mustard sea bass, cabbage wrapped stuffed mussels, grilled octopus, and roasted monkfish - all delicious!  They threw in a lobster crab dish in cream sauce and a chocolate soufflé ala mode on the house too!  Very friendly service with a casual sophisticated feel. Loved the Turkish single vineyard red wine I ordered as well.  Look forward to going back some day soon.
From beginning to end the service was pretty good. Food was phenomenal and prepared quickly.
One of the best meals I had in Istanbul was at Ficcin.  The restaurant is located in a trendy area so the restaurants are typically expensive but Ficcin keeps their prices low and the food is amazing.It's Circassian aka Northern Caucasian food along with Turkish specialties.  The lamb cooked in a crock was beautifully flavored and amazingly tender.  It was my favorite dish.  The Ficcin special is sort of like minced meat cooked within a pizza-like dough served with salad.  The look can be deceiving because it's more delicious than it appears and the salad was fresh and vibrant.  The Circassian ravioli was unlike any other ravioli I've ever had.  It was stuffed with cheese and meat and had this yogurt sauce on top.  Incredibly good!Definitely make this a stop if you are visiting Istanbul.  The servers are helpful and you can ask for an English menu.  Try to visit during non-busy hours.  We came just before lunch and thought, wow it's pretty empty.  Within 5 minutes of noon, it was packed.  Every table was filled and every time someone left a table, there was another party waiting to sit there.  We were happy to have come early enough to snag a table.
Ficcin restaurant was one of our two favorites during our stay in Istanbul and we liked it so much that we even planned to come back a second time but unfortunately we could not in the end. It offers a delicious cuisine from Caucasus and prices are really correct given the quality and taste.We had different dishes that we shared and it was indeed a good idea to taste more things. As dishes are quite small, you can easily take 3 or 4 for two persons. We had of course the specialty: some delicious raviolis from Caucasus (with some yogurt on top, after all we are in Turkey!) that i highly recommend. We also had a cold fish that was incredibly tasty, i was surprised because i was not betting on this dish initially.. We also had a dish of cooked cheese with peas, that can sound like a weird dish to conceive; but again: delicious!!So to sum up, absolutely go there, the cuisine is delicious. And i will not forget the dessert that was exceptional. It was a cake made of almonds and it looked like a delicious, delicious madeleine (type of French sponge finger cake).
Came here with a Turkish friend on the first night of our arrival because this was one of her favorite restaurants in the area for what she called ravioli. Got here and the guy didn't have talked yet was doing what looked like he was pawning us off to another restaurant. What actually was going on was it was the same restaurant back to back for a handful of restaurants!We sit down and were handed the English menu of course. Ordered the Circassian ravioli with ground meat and stuffed grape leaves with meat and rice. They both came out fairly quickly and a side of bread and condiments were served with it. Our friend asked if we liked garlic.. And of course we said yes! Who doesn't? So out came a side of garlic yogurt to go with our ravioli. The whole meal was very delicious and flavorful and unique. Would go back just for the dumplings
- Outdoor seating leaves you open to cats and passing by musicl artists for money- Kick the cat in the ass, and politely telly the instrumentist no thanks- Just like the cat, another personal serenader will come by your table- We got there just before closing, they were out of a lot of stuff- the meatball and fries were delicious
Great place, amazing food and even more amazing prices. It is the perfect place to have meze accompanied by rakı near Taksim. I don't know how they do it but this is the best food you can find for your buck. The food and the service doesn't feel cheap at all.As a person with Circassian people in my family, I found their chicken spot on. The other meze were amazing such as the pickled fish (lakerda) and cold dishes with olive oil (zeytinyağlılar). The fried zucchini paste (mücver) was done in a shape kind of similar to meatballs (köfte), which is different than the traditional thinner shape and I think it added a lot to the dish.
We had the borek and I forget which other dishes but it was one of the better meals we had. I'd like to try the manti.
I was thoroughly impressed by Ficcin. In fact, I would say it's in my top 3 istanbul meals.It was packed with tourists when we walked in for dinner - about a ten minute walk from our Airbnb, so I was immediately skeptical because often touristy restaurants are really expensive and don't have great food. However, I was pleasantly surprised.The waitress spoke impeccable English and they had an English menu. She patiently went through the menu items with us, recommending dishes and answering all our questions.We opted for the ravioli (half beef, half potato), the eggplant with yogurt, the hummus, and the red pepper dip. What a flavor explosion! Everything was exquisitely delicious with great flavors, portions and prices. The ambiance itself was romantic with mood lighting, but still casual enough to have conversations at a normal volume. This place is so popular, in fact, that there are 3 or 4 storefronts, all located on the same street.Our bill ended up being less than $25 total which was amazing, considering what we ate. I really wish we'd come here another time before we left, but alas, we wanted to "explore."Highly recommend for Turkish mezze!
I discovered Ficcin through one of the many travel sites.  As usual, the best food was off the beaten path and you need to venture a half block off of Istiklal just past one of the many starbucks on the corner.  There are three separate Ficcin dining rooms, but I was assured that all menus were the same.We ate Humus, Circassian style raviolis with meat, and a cold Circassian style chicken dip with walnuts and spices.  Everything was amazing.  We have never even heard of Circassian style cooking (which we later found out was a mountainous region located in the Caucasus of Eurasia, located within Russia on the Black Sea coast).  If this is any indication, they eat  very very well.My wife was not as thrilled with the Circassian chicken as I was, but we both agreed it was the best humus we've ever eaten and the raviolis were incredible.All in all... it is a must stop for anyone in and around the Taksim area.
Good value for money. We liked the circassian ravioli. The menu is available in English. Food came out quickly.This recommendation was written by Katrin S. If you enjoyed my recommendation, I'd appreciate a "helpful" or "cool" given.
(+) great food, lots of vegetarian and vegan options, good breakfast, lunch and dinner, varying menus, authentic food, attentive owners/staff, great for take-away(-) crowded, not many tables during busy hours (lunch and dinner), items not marked as vegetarian/vegan,
Wonderful and authentic Turkish restaurant featuring a variety of meze (appetizers) to compliment your meal. The shrimp güveç is sizzling and among the favorites of the locals. Ficcin has a nice wine list if the guests are not drinking Turkish raki. I highly recommend Ficcin to anyone visiting istanbul seeking a local flavor and inexpensive dining experience.
Chock full of locals, but dishes are rather meh. Assorted cold vegetables were all overlooked, hardly fresh, and humus was the worst I've had ever, including the ones you can buy in a supermarket. Most of the street is actually the same restaurant, so there's a lot of toing and froing by staff. Staff is generally unfriendly.
Ficcin is located in a side street of the famous Istiklal Caddesi, in the Beyoglu area. Ficcin is actually the name of a typical Circassian dish, and as I understand, the original idea of the restaurant was to serve purely Circassian food. However, the owners seem to have lost that somehow along the way. My husband is Turkish, but from Circassian descent, so when we travelled to Istanbul, we were excited to find a full-fledged Circassian restaurant (which in Belgium you don't find - you're lucky to find something Turkish that remotely qualifies as a restaurant) In Istanbul, of course, the situation is far better in that respect, but Ficcin still doesn't really go beyond the standard snack bar.First of all, there is the interior, which is quite shabby. In addition, you feel as if you're in a box of sardines since they have tried to make the most of their limited space by stuffing as many tables into the room as possible, which can leave one feeling claustrophobic. The one fun thing I did really enjoy were the little Circassian puppets in traditional Circassian attire, it gave a nice touch to the room.Since we basically went for the sake of having eaten Circassian food, we didn't really mind a too much about the quality of the food,. But if I were to be really honest, I'd have to say my husband and I are better at preparing traditional Circassian cuisine than Ficcin was. (and I think the point of going to a restaurant is eating something you can't make as good yourself, no?) I had the ficcin, which is some sort of pasta with ground beef in it. The ficcin was ok, nice and crispy, but not memorable, and not enough onion, as it is supposed to have. My husband took the Velibah, which he - to his own saying - could have made better, and he's not quick to complain. It's too bad really, because it's a really nice concept; a Circassian restaurant in the heart of Istanbul; it could really show the variety Turkish cuisine has to offer. Too bad the menu only contained some 5 or 6 Circassian dishes and for the rest all Anatolian dishes. Nice try, missed shot.
We came here for dinner and this was one of my best meals in Istanbul. We had the eggplant with ground meat, assorted dumplings, pizza like pie and mixed appetizer plate. The service was super friendly and they were accommodating and had nice English menus. The price was reasonable and would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Istanbul :)
Menu in English was helpful. Service can be improved. I didn't enjoy the shrimp casserole.
My husband and I loved this place so much we went there two nights in a row. The restaurant is located in the Beyoglu district not far from Istiklal Cd. a very busy commercial street. The hostess was incredibly friendly and charming and she speaks English very well.The food was great, nothing fancy but everything was fresh and delicious, you could tell the best ingredients are used. We ordered cucumber with yoghurt and baked eggplant puree to start, when I tried the first one, I had this explosion of herbs in my mouth so full of flavor that they had to be super fresh. The eggplant was amazing with the slight smokey flavor that charred eggplant gets when cooked on a charcoal grill. We also had fish and stuffed eggplants that were so great we had a second order. The next day we ordered everything again but changed the fish for some lamb and chose another grilled fish, it was just as fresh and deliciously cooked to perfection as the one we had the previous day. Unfortunately we never got there early enough to try the octopus, but I'm sure it must be great as they run out of it so quickly. Will definitely go back!
Very friendly staff, great service, and a lovely place to people watch.  I couldn't be happier.
What great food! This was my first time in Istanbul and Ficcin was recomended by a local friend . Great meze , small mains and super cheap. Wonderful vibe and staff with an english menu. I would recommend getting lots of dishes to share.;)
Great concept of cooking food according to the daily offer of local farmers.The food is amazingly good and made with that something special.It gives you that feeling that you spent your money in something good and not like other restaurants where you think "I could've cooked that at home."Highly recommended. Great atmosphere and service. And also in the heart ofTaksim.Don't miss it.
Ficcin is just perfection. We had a lot of great mezze at Lemontree and Karakoy Lokantasi, which were delicious and wonderful as well, however those were high-end restaurants and almost twice the price as Ficcin. The mezze here were just as good as in a more casual laid-back setting. The food was so good we came twice on our trip. There is the usual suspects on the menu, eggplant in multiple forms, kidney beans in olive oil, hummus. The chicken mezze was a surprising winner, it comes shredded almost like a rilette or pate. We had 5 mezze, enough for two of us for dinner, and managed to keep the price under 40 tl, or $20. Can't recommend this place enough!
Often, in places with a lot of tourists, restaurants realise that familiarity is appreciated. They do versions of local cuisines that won't challenge the clientele. I'm not being some kind of food snob who blabbers on about how experienced and sophisticated I am with food, I just don't want the stuff I get at home. Sorry...
Incredible menu and food. The drinks were also good, but above all the staff were superb in their service and advice on the menu.
Great location. My food came out to fast and wasn't really hot. It was tasty. The Turkish tea was the worst one I've had on Istanbul. It took a whole to get service initially. Not sure if I'll return.
Staff here speak English. If they don't, they know how to gesture to communicate effectively. I assume because a lot of foreign tourists pass through this neighborhood due to its proximity to the cruise port.They serve breakfast all day and it is one of the best meals I've ever had. Order from the deli counter first, then they bring everything to your table. When you are done, pay at the register.The fried eggplant here is absolutely delicious. Crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside with a some kind of savory marinade. Every meal comes with bread rolls, but you can order pastries too. They have a fantastic meat filled pastry that goes really well with the mushy eggplant and menemen (mushy scrambled eggs). We capped our meal off with a cup of Turkish coffee. Altogether, the meal for 4 people cost ~800 Lira (under $30 USD) which is a fantastic value compared to the breakfast at the Marriott where we were staying.
Love the cafeteria in a gourmet store.  All kinds of items to purchase and you can walk in and see your lunch and decide for yourself what looks good today.
This was my first food stop in Turkey! We decided to start the trip off with a quick, smaller Turkish breakfast and this place did not disappoint! They had a deli stile set up, where you ordered up front! They had a wide selection of breads, cheese, dips, everything! The mememen was incredible! I should have done a full Turkish breakfast here!
If you are in Istanbul you should consider this place for breakfast/brunch. The setup is more like a deli. You order inside, the staff speaks English and is very helpful.Be careful. Your eyes want to taste everything and it is very tasty, in the end you have a lot on your plates!You can sit inside our outside. If you want to take something home from the shop, no problem. They have a lot of typical and tasty Turkish food!Highly recommended.
Finding it may not be easy, but if you do you will be treated to visual and taste delights. All different kinds of colorful sausages, meats and pickles that are very tasty. If you don't know what to order just do it or ask for help. Though busy, they are very helpful and friendly. We have been going there since 2016 on every visit to Istanbul and we have never been disappointed
Love this place! If you're in Istanbul, you must try their breakfast spread once. If you're a fan of fancy cheeses, cold cuts, olives a s Turkish side dishes, come here. Customers once seated, will walk to their deli display to pick any combination of cheeses, cold cuts, sides, vegetables, breads and hot breakfast plates. It may take some waiting before it gets to your queue as they provide full attention to each customers--and there're so much to choose from! Once sone, they'll give you a number stand. Take it back to your table and they'll find you. Once I returned, a tea pot and a basket of bread was already there. After the meal, walk back into the shop to buy their excellent foods products to take home. The prices are on the high side, but hey, you get what you pay for! Definitely will return and will take everyone I bring to Istanbul there.
Must go to place in Istanbul. Everything is super fresh and one of a kind.Definitely go there for turkish breakfast and lunch-and dinner.We ate there over 7 times and it was the highlight of our vacation. Be sure to go a few doors down to Kosgeroglu for the best baklava in Istanbul
Absurdly great selection of deli stuff for your Turkish breakfasting/lunching pleasure. Great sarma, excellent börek, tasty çay, and solid service. It was pretty chaotic in here the two times we dined, but that adds to the vibrant feel of the joint. It's very Parisian-meets-Istanbul in here.The deli itself is beautiful, a bursting cornucopia of vibrant colors, smells and sights. Stacks of local honey jars, myriad olives, sauces galore... you can get anything you need here.Roll in, order from the deli, grab a number and sit streetside. Soak in the chaos. It's great.
This place is fabulous. A shop and deli you can eat in,takeaway or just look at. After searching for restaurants this place is a gem. Just choose(I had to point) from cabinets (not sure what exactly each choice is) and lovely staff bring your lunch.Spoilt for choice and wish I'd found it sooner.
Loved this place as a restaurant and a shop - you can buy a plate of meat and cheese to share or any goods to take home with you. Plus the service was great, everyone working there was great at explaining the products and recommending different ones.Food: the quality of the food is great. The meats and cheeses were really fresh and in the 10+TL range. Olives were 14-28TL per kilo, and came in whatever quantity you'd like. Plus the man behind the counter recommended a local cheese that would go well with my olives, and of course did. There is also a great selection of jams and honeys - with pomegranate and walnut jams, etc, all the jams being in the 9-15TL range that I saw.Service: for the most part everyone here spoke English which for us was very helpful in describing the products and took the time to explain where they came from/quality/etc, but didn't push products on us. Those who didn't were great about pointing things out that they thoughts might go together and were really helpful in that way.Anyways this place was very reasonably priced and it excellent for a meal or to buy some products. Will definitely be coming back here the next time I'm in Istanbul.
They have a huge selection of dishes to choose from. Service is quick and waiters and very friendly. Even though there were long lines, they patiently explained several of the items we weren't sure about.All the items we had were excellent. The cream + honey dessert (don't remember the name) which is very popular here was the best.
This is such a cool spot - bustling, amazing array of meats, cheeses, produce. This is what we ate: Pastirma, Deri Tulum, Dağ kekik.  Fun atmosphere. Kind of like SF's BiRite on steroids plus Turkey. Get baklava next door afterwards!Note: this is part of the Culinary Backstreets Two Continents Tour. I advise you do the tour, rather than go here on your own.
This is a poplar market and eatery just a few blocks in from the Karaköy/Halıç ferry stop. My first visit was for a weekend brunch around 10:30am and there was a line out the door and half-way down the block.I found the ordering process confusing. Here's what I think you are supposed to do: Once seated, you are given a table number sign. Take the sign to the deli counter and choose what you would like. They make eggs to order and there is a huge selection of cheese, meat, jams, kaymak, salads, and cold side dishes to choose from.After pointing like a fat kid at a candy store to everything you want, they note your table number and you go back to your seat. A few minutes later, your food arrives. Prices seem a little high, but the food is delicious.You can also purchase food to go. On my second visit to Namli, I found some actual Brie in their cheese section. Not Brie-in-a-can as is popular at Migros, but actual decent tasting Brie. 5-stars for the Brie alone. Yum!
Önünde çok sıra var diye yılmayın...maks.15 dakika içinde sıra size geliyor...oldukça taze ve lezzetli bir ürün yelpazesine sahip.Ancak çok keyifli zaman geçirmek konusunda sıkıntı yaşayabilirsiniz...Çok kalabalık olduğu için çok ses oluyor...sabah erken saatlerini tavsiye ederim.
I went to breakfast and the selection were amazing we had a cheese platter which was good, stuffed olives were so yummy some with almond l, pickled lemon and pepper.  The bread is my weak point  comes hot from the oven I could not stop eating
So overpriced for their fame.. go and buy from bakkal and eat on a bank instead... so average.. kosedeki bakkal bunlardan iyi ve de onda bir fiyatina...
Came here for brunch Saturday morning, thankfully at 9 to avoid the line. We had ordered a few things to share: cheeses, meats, etc before getting a number and sitting at a table. A short while later, all our food came.  Sooo soo good - especially the buffalo cheese with honeycomb that just melted in my mouth. Tea was very strong too. So glad I came with a large party so I got to try a little bit of everything.
Had a great lunch, once we had figured out the system. Also bought some olives for takeaway which  were delicious!
It used to be good place for breakfast, not anymore. Service is bad, very expensive, food is average. Some dishes are even below average. Especially avoid it weekend and holidays. The crowd turns out in bigger number, cause they like to follow others.
GREAT SERVICEGOOD FOODGOOD PRICINGthe first impression I got when I stepped out of the ferry was an island which is overcrowded, smelly and defiantly a tourist-trap. There were so many people on the road that you could barely walk, it was really hot and I only could smell horse poop. I immidietly knew that I couldn't eat at one of the local restaurant on the main roads. Unfortunately yelp isn't the best app to use for food recommendations in Turkey. I looked on trip advisor and found this restaurant. It stands for its name and it's away from crowded roads but at the same time not too far away to all main streets. This means you'll get there within 10 min when you get out of the Ferry in main Pier.The one thing that truly stands out when you go there is service. These people know the value that online reviews bring them and truly try to make sure your experience is a positive one. This is not very common in Turkey. We got the mixed Fish plate, a bunch of appetizers (definitely try the walnut, olive appetizer) and salads. They gave us a complementary eggplant based appetizer which was yummy. They also have a good selection of wine. We tried a bottle of the white wine which turned out to be really good ( sorry I don't remember the name). They finished our day with a photo that they printed and brought us toward the end as well as complementary ice-cream. We also ordered some tea and Baklava. The ice-cream was great but the Baklava was just okay.I'm not sure if I'll go back to that island again but if I do, going to this restaurant again is definitely going to be on my list.
Romantic ambiance, Beautiful place, delicious food, royal service, ...This place is a secret jam in the heaven! No doubt this is the best dream place at the middle of the sea! Sounds like Italian and French sailors feel like home here. A bit pricy with Turkish standard but not in $. I had a great time here and strongly recommend it.
Awesome restaurant away from the hussle and bussle of the busy city center! Came here for dinner on our first night on the island and it was great! The place was super cute and the staff was really friendly.  We started with the calamari - it was yummy! My friend and I shared the salmon and this other local fish - very tasty! At the end they not only gave us free dessert and tea but complimentary Polarid pictures! Great hidden treasure!
This vintage Secret Garden bar and restaurant has been open since few years ago Although the Strip has changed, the Ada Palace has retained its "Old Buyukada" ambiance. This classic Buyukada restaurant pays homage to the prior eras of the Strip when a hearty breakfast served eight to eleven was a standard feature of most Ada restaurants. Ham, sausage, few different kind jams , nutella, black and green olive, string cheese, feta cheese, hellim cheese or a cheese omelette  go along well with a plate full of simit , bread, or fruit. You'll find other breakfast options like bal-kaymak  and Turkish tea and cheese plate.
a very very nice and romantic placegood foodvery good peoplegood pricedit took time more than expected for food to be ready
Very historic ambience. lot of options to choose from for vegetarians from hummus to babaganush, also good for vegans. All dishes (except Amphora vegetables) were quite oily. Nothing was spicy or even had a tingle of spice. Service was good. Friendly server greeting everyone. Also a friendly cat roaming around in the restaurant.
Very historical setting with a wonderful wait staff and owner. Food was delicious and ambiance and service superb. Our shrimp and squid casserole was fantastic.
My wife and I had a wonderful dinner at this small beautiful restaurant. Had a nice menu. We are vegan and had delightful options. Mezze plate appetizer with eight selections is the best starter. Beer and wine available. Limited selection but the Turkish wines were great.  Also a good value. $45 with appetizer and wine. Staff and owner were great hosts.
This restaurant has amazing service, the waiters and staff are so friendly and a attentive. The food is frictions and beautifully served. Many marked vegan options and vegetarian options that can be made vegan. Super cozy ambience with warm lighting and rustic exposed rock arch walls. Beautiful place to spend an evening!
What an excellent experience! My friend and I visited Istanbul from Chicago recently and picked Arch Bistro for our Thanksgiving dinner, and it was such a great choice. The food tasted amazing and service was very courteous and attentive. The setting in an ancient Byzantine building is fascinating and we had an overall great experience, I highly recommend Arch Bistro!
We absolutely loved this restaurant. It was recently purchased by three 21-year-old women that make amazing food and are very sweet and kind. We ate the sea bream which was very good, and also the beef casserole which is fantastic as well. During our week in Istanbul this was our favorite place to dine and I couldn't recommend it anymore highly. It is also housed in a fourth century boat storage archway which gives it a very authentic, historic atmosphere.
It is one of the oldest restaurants in Istanbul. Their food is extremely delicious that you want to order the entire menu so you can taste everything. They do have most wonderful view of the Bosphorus sea during summer time. They do have an indoor seating area for winter but it's most enjoyable in the summer. Their service is excellent. I do have to warn you their menu is on the more traditional side if you are looking for more fusion food, this place is not for you l
The view is out of this world, and puts you in such a mood that whatever you eat tastes fantastic. Not that the quality of food is bad, it is actually quite decent. Presentation of the food was ok. For such a fancy looking place, prices are not bad at all.
It is really good food, service and very clean, restaurant in Istanbul.The price is really cheap for what you recived'.We like too much, we travel for bussines every 3 months and always is really good.
The food is same as the other locations and you add an incredible view of Bosporus at a historical building. A little further away from the center of the town but well worth to visit this location in late spring, summer, and fall for outdoor dining.
1924 is a gem! Formerly called Rejans, I kept hearing about this restaurant for years before I had the opportunity to try it.We picked 1924 for an anniversary celebration, from a shortlist of 4 restaurants. Briefly after entering the front door, we knew we had made the right choice.1924 promotes itself as a "Time Travel Gastronomic Museum". The historic texture of the restaurant is very much alive. A very elegant, and chic decor, that does not feel old but very authentic, for the very simple reason that it was kept as it was for years. You can almost feel former diners like Agatha Christie sitting at the table next to you.The servers are very kind and they are happy to explain the items on the menu if you are not familiar with russian or caucasian cuisine.For entrée we had the Circassian chicken which was exceptional.  The best one I ever tried. Pelmeni with beef and Topik. The circassian chicken was so good that it would be unfair for the other two entrees to compare but all dishes were good. I'd probably opt for something other than Topik next time but it's solely because the taste wasn't for me.For main courses we had Beef Stroganoff and Canard à L'Orange. The Beef Stroganoff is a house special so I would recommend to try. However if you are not in the mood for beef, the duck was also a very good choice.I must also mention cocktails; you must try the Spice Bazaar Martini if you like maritinis! They also have a large collection of house infused Vodka that we promised ourselves to try next time.All through dinner there was live music (Harp and Accordion) and it was a very good complement to the great food.During dinner Sashah Khan, the co-owner of the restaurant and very fashionable gentleman, came to our table to check if everything was ok and we were happy to chat with him.You will need a reservation as the restaurant is often full. We were able to choose a very nice table but, I'd recommend to come a bit early, so as to be able to choose your table (some of the tables may be a bit too close to each other if you are after a romantic diner). The prices are reasonable for a restaurant of this caliber in Istanbul.I full heartedly recommend coming here and will definitely come back!
This is one of the most beautiful restaurants I have seen!  The ambiance is generous in lovely lighting, and private seating!  The service was excellent and the food was superb!  They infuse their own Vodka which was a treat to sample!  The beef stroganoff was amazing!  The owner is exceptional - sharing his stories and making each person feel special!  This is a must visit!
1924 Istanbul - Formally known as Rejans - A Must !Whilst strolling down Istiklal, I decided to venture down some of its alleys for a change.. who knows what culinary adventures may be down there.. I stumbled upon a complete gem!Just past Galatasary high school and opposite Misir Apartment, which is famous for hosting the restaurant/club 360 I came across a place called 1924 Istanbul.As I walked in I was totally blown away... the décor inside made me feel like I'd gone back in time a 100 years. High ceilings, massive mirrors, wooden paneling on the walls and two grandiose chandeliers.. I was gob smacked! The quaint old photos on the wall of who must have been dignitaries back in the day were all over the place. Special nametags of famous people like Mata Hari, Hemmingway and Agatha Christie were on brass plates indicating where they sat.I made my way to the bar, towards the back of the restaurant, I fancied something cold and wet (just for a change )The bar reminded me of the drinks carriage of the Orient Express (or so I imagine) A long wooden serving area with a huge array of bottles in the back protected by brass rails, as if to stop the bottles from falling over if the train rattled. On the counter were these odd jars filled with different types of fruit, almost as if they were being pickled. When I asked the barman, he said they were infusions for their homemade vodkas.... YUM!Cenk was the barkeep who made the most delicious Negroni I have ever tasted. It had a twist to it, as it was smoked with apple chips.... I know that may sound odd, but believe me it was amazing. Priced at 40 TL it was most definitely worth it.. I've had some really run of the mill cocktails in Istanbul for much more than that!Feeling a little hungry, which means starving, for me most of the time... I do like my food, I sat down at Mata Hari's seat. I noticed just across the way, that there was a table with a sign saying forever reserved, a small bottle of raki and some white chickpeas. The waiter told me that was the great Ataturk's table back in the day... WOW ! How come I've never heard of this restaurant before... The fact is, this place had recently reopened as 1924 Istanbul. It used to be called Rejans.Looking at the menu, I was pleasantly surprised to see an array of food that you would not normally see. The food reminded me of The Russian empire, with dishes from Eastern Europe as well as mother Russia herself.Everything sounded amazing. I ordered the Piroshki, which is basically a Borek, but much lighter, stuffed with mincemeat. Some Pelmeni (something similar to ravioli, or the Turkish Manti) and Beef Stroganoff.The Piroshki was out of this world. Really light and crispy on the outside with an intense meaty taste on the inside. You could tell that this was lean ground beef with not additives. I was tempted to order another one, but wanted to save some room for what was to come... I'm glad I did ! Pelmeni are dumplings basically, but using the word basic is not at all fitting! These moist delicious balls of dough, that I assume are cooked in a ban-marie,  are stuffed with an intense rich meaty filling, they were served with a jus reduction and a light sour-cream sauce. It was the jus that really caught my eye or taste buds I should say. Had I finally found a restaurant in Istanbul that makes its own stock... amazing, so rich and flavourful! The stroganoff was next. Now I'm used to seeing stroganoff on many menus around Turkey, and to be honest my expectations are pretty low in those places, so I was keen to see what this Russian/Eastern European restaurant was going to put in front of me.The head waiter or maître d' (short for maître d' Hotel), a lovely chap called Pierro, dressed in an exquisite suit had his grey pony tail tied back, wheeled over some copper pans.. He silver served me a very generous portion of glistening meat that looked creamy and smelled amazing. On the side I was served with the smoothest puree I'd every seen, almost silk like and some very finely cut potato chips. The flavours were to die for. Finally I'd found a place that really knew how to cook stroganoff properly, it even had slices of pickles. The thinly sliced beef was succulent and just melted in my mouth.Pierro asked if I'd like some vodka with my meal, so he wheeled over an iced trolley that had a handful of fruit infused vodkas.. who could say no.. honestly  I had the lemon one which really had a kick to it, yet it was smooth going down. He left the bottle for me in an ice bucket and told me that I'd only be charged for what I drank... fantastic.Overall, this place is really quite something. A must try experience. Drinks and food cost me just under 100 TL.. An absolute bargain !
If you're in Istanbul and you don't visit this restaurant, you are doing yourself a disservice.   It's amazing.  The history, the ambiance, the cocktails and of course the food.   You'll feel as though you've traveled back in time and the service is impeccable.
I just came back from Istanbul , we  were in Taksim area when we discovered this amazing little Gem up the stairs behind the big door only to find a beautifully designed dining space with great food ,hospitality & respectful wine list to match , all this at a very reasonably priced value. An added bonus was this great musician to spice things up ! Truly we enjoyed our evening @ 1924 !
Great brunch place on the big island! I went here with four other friends and we all had a wonderful meal, colorful ambience, and friendly hosts. Definitely recommend coming here on your trip to the Princes' Islands.
Its located on the one of the most beautiful and interesting islands which is Buyuk Ada. After arriving to Buyuk Ada it didnt take ver long time to find this cute awesome place. From outside it looked not very promising, it was the first floor of the two story house, and it was ran by ladies who were living upstairs of it. However we gave a chance to this place and the outcome was FANTASTIC. So many organic food options, homemade interesting jams including tastes such as watermelon jam, eggplant jam, walnut jam they all taste awesome. The environment and service was so friendly, it made us feel like we were part of this family. I would highly recommend it to everyone who wants to experience something different.Son derece şirin bir mekan.masanızın altında sizinle beraber oturan kedilere rastlayabilirsiniz.:)oldukça da uygun fiyata taptaze receller ve peynirlerle mükemmel bir serpme kahvaltı yapabilirsiniz.serpme kahvaltının yanında çayın sınırsız olmasıda çok güzel düşünülmüş.küçük bir mekan olduğu için önünde kuyruklar oluşabiliyor özellikle haftasonları.o yüzden ya rezarvasyonlu gidin yada haftaiçi tercih edebilirsiniz.
We stumbled upon this awesome place on one of the princes islands. We ordered the breakfast platter, Turkish ravioli, and Menemen. The hosts were very welcoming and homey. Everything tasted excellent and had a great variety of different Turkish food. Highly recommended!
Very quaint place with English speaking owners/employees. Come here for the breakfast and bread.  It is a nice way to escape the tourist trap around the boat dock.
This was the perfect choice for our fine dining splurge while in Turkey! Nicole offers both a unique culinary experience and authentic way to taste Turkish flavors. They have 3 set menus to chose from with varying quantities of dishes. They can customize the dishes according to dietary requirements (e.g., Pescatarian). The service was well paced and the hilltop location offered wonderful views of Istanbul. and welcome in my website:https://coinusmint.com/
We ended our trip in Istanbul at Nicole and I am so glad we did. We came during Ramadan on a weekday so it wasn't busy at all. We got one of the best seat next to the window overlooking both the Asian and European side of Istanbul. The ambiance is romantic and classy.We opted for the smaller course menu but the chef surprised us with 3 different courses. It was the perfect amount of food. We didn't want to do the wine pairing and just ordered 1 glass for each and it was enough to last us the whole experience. We came around 6:45pm so we could see daytime, sunset, and night time from the window seats. We left around 9:30pm so I would allocates about 3 hour for your experience.This was such a wonderful experience and well worth the splurge!
kokyteyler inanilmaz güzel ve çalişanlar aşırı güler yüzlü ve servicler çok hızlıhaftasonu sevgiliniz ,eşiniz,dostunuzla gidebiliğceniz güzel mekanlardan biri
This restaurant has a wonderful view overlooking the city and Bosphorus. It is nestled in a quieter part of town above the TomTom suites at the top floor.The service was very accommodating, friendly and quite fun to chat with as they were humorous. There are staff who consistently keep stand nearby awaiting to see if you need anything.I had to visit a fine dining restaurant for my first trip to Istanbul for their traditional cuisines. These had a very modern flare and was very delicious. You can see, and taste the effort put into each and every touch of these dishes, which were all a work of art.The chef came by at the end of our meal with our last dish to ask how our experience was and was nice enough to let me take a picture with him.The other Michelin restaurants in the area would be Turk and Mikla. I chose this restaurant for the dishes on their current menu which you can view online at their website.Reservations are I believe mandatory and they charge a third per person of what the menu prices are. The reservation can be made online on their site.The dining experience took a little over 2.5 hours.
This was the perfect choice for our fine dining splurge while in Turkey! Nicole offers both a unique culinary experience and authentic way to taste Turkish flavors. They have 3 set menus to chose from with varying quantities of dishes. They can customize the dishes according to dietary requirements (e.g., Pescatarian). The service was well paced and the hilltop location offered wonderful views of Istanbul.
Our fine dining stop in Turkey, Nicole is one of only five restaurants in Istanbul to earn a Michelin Star in 2023-Michelin guide's first year recognizing restaurants here! The seafood-focused menu offers a contemporary spin on traditional Turkish cuisine. Some favorites were the open-faced dolma and the octopus. The menu has three tasting options depending on your appetite and offers interesting Turkish wine pairings. Be sure to come for the sunset, the restaurant overlooks the city and has a beautiful view of the Bosphorous!
The view from the restaurant is beautiful.We tried the chef's tasting menu. The main course was lamb and the market catch. Lamb was great with the reduction sauce and the market catch was quite fresh. The dessert was a medley of a vermicelli crust with rice pudding ice cream, pistachio cream, and a couple of other elements. Service was great. Every item's contents were described to us upon serving.Fantastic, memorable experience.
Great food, great service, great ambiance.... need I say more! Loved our dining experience here.  Everything was just superb.
I travel the world, and this is probably within the top 3 restaurants I've ever eaten at. That's saying a lot here in Istanbul where the food generally is very very good. I was here on a business trip with a colleague, and I'm so glad that we found this place.. The chef was very gracious and came out to explain the dishes. Every dish was beautiful and I felt like a celebrity because the staff was so attentive! Thr chocolate dessert was spectacular! and I don't even like chocolate. I highly recommend that you check this place out!!
We did the 6 course tasting menu and were floored each time a new dish came out. From the amuse bouche to the last mignardise, Nicole provides the ultimate in culinary experience. Creative use of naturally fresh ingredients, sophisticated execution, flawless service. Ms. Aylin Yazicioglu, chef/owner, has a truly educated palate and stellar skills. The daurade - amazing. The tomato compote - outstanding. The quail quenelle, out of this world. Wish we could eat here every night. Go and go again.
what would i do without your smart mouthdrawing me in, you kicking me outgot my head spinning, no kidding, i can't pin you downwhat's going on in that beautiful mindi'm on your magical mystery rideand i'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me, but i'll be alrightlocated on the picturesque rooftop of the beautifully artistic old franciscan house that is tomtom suites, your magical mystery ride awaits you.my head's underwaterbut i'm breathing fineyou're crazy and i'm out of my mindwithout doubt, just go with the long tasting menu, 160TL and allow around 3 hours even without any wine pairing.this covers most of their ala carte menu and changes every six weeks following the season's best produce which istanbul is so abundantly blessed with throughout the year!you'll be crazy not to.'cause all of meloves all of youlove your curves and all your edgesall your perfect imperfectionsgive your all to mei'll give my all to youyou're my end and my beginningeven when i lose i'm winningcause i give you all of meand you give me all of you, ohservice falls a little shy of perfection but i believe it is more a case of a raw gem waiting to be polished rather than plain incompetence.pacing of the meal was initially perfect but tapered off significantly after the fourth course, becoming a little draggy in the end, quite possibly due to them running at full house.luckily, there is the magnifique view to distract us and freshness was also injected, to break the monotony, by having different members of their culinary and service team explain each dish as they are presented.love it that aylin and kaan took turns to engage the diners, which unfortunately also perhaps explains why the pacing slowed to a crawl at the end.again, i think they just need to perfect this imperfection.how many times do i have to tell youeven when you're crying you're beautiful toothe world is beating you down, i'm around through every moodyou're my downfall, you're my musemy worst distraction, my rhythm and bluesi can't stop singing, it's ringing in my head for youyou can taste all the organic goodness of the well sourced local produce in a light and modern way, accentuated by the couple chef's flawless cooking techniques.you simply can't stop singing their praises after biting into each morsel of reinterpreted classic flavours, bringing you crescendo upon crescendo towards their sweet endings climax.my head's underwaterbut i'm breathing fineyou're crazy and i'm out of my mindironically, crazy as it sounds, you actually want it all to end so that you can rush home to craft that perfect review for them that justifies their existence as possibly the best restaurant in istanbul.'cause all of meloves all of youlove your curves and all your edgesall your perfect imperfectionsgive your all to mei'll give my all to youyou're my end and my beginningeven when i lose i'm winningcause i give you all of meand you give me all of you, ohgive me all of you, oh ohyes, this might be an end but also a beginning.i'll definitely be back to claim my dukedom!cards on the table, we're both showing heartsrisking it all, though it's hard.i heart nicole!cause all of meloves all of youlove your curves and all your edgesall your perfect imperfectionsgive your all to mei'll give my all to youyou're my end and my beginningeven when i lose i'm winningcause i give you all of meand you give me all of youyes, even if you are the one picking up the bill at the end of this long tasting journey, you will appreciate the fact that you have indeed dined at a clear winner.i give you all of meand you give me all, of you, oh ohyes, we do.
A very good restaurant for sure. It's light, quite interesting, tasty but I can't say I was overwhelmed. The wine pairing was once again the opportunity to taste new Turkish wines. Service is impeccable.
In the end, gourmands dream about being transported by a meal.  And when a gourmand is in Istanbul, the cuisine expectations go that much higher.Nicole's full tasting menu is a superbly composed suite of flavors, with subtle crescendos and mesmerizing palate shifts.  The (husband and wife?) chef duo present an ordered 'disruption' for your sense, a creative meal that is a delight to behold; absolutely Turkish, but with all of the unexpected and subtle tastes that lead the imagination elsewhere. Nicole's is a foodie nirvana.I wasn't surprised to learn that the chefs trained extensively in Paris.  Nicole's is as good a Michelin-quality experience as I've had anywhere.Well done, Nicole's!
Amazing tasting menu. Some of my favorite dishes in Istanbul, maybe anywhere. Service was flawless. View is incredible from any table.
Nicole is widely considered the best restaurant in Istanbul and it did not disappoint. The restaurant itself has stunning views of the water and the surrounding landscape. The dining room has a retractable roof that was utilized to allow for an open-air experience at the beginning of our dining and then closed it when it got darker and colder.The staff was extremely attentive, which is one of the hallmarks of a restaurant that is contending for a Michelin Star. The one issue that we had was that they greeted us with the option "Would you like Champagne, Sparkling Wine or Prosecco?". We choose champagne and assumed it was free, since this is a common thing both in the US and in Europe when eating an fancy meal from a tasting menu. Alas - it was not free, and in fact it was drastically different in price than everything else we ordered. It was 160TL for the two glasses which is more than half the price of the entire tasting 7-course pairing at 280TL for two. We were pretty upset by this and informed both the waiter and the chef. They were very generous and offered to remove it from the bill and even offered us a free meal a following night, we declined both and it was certainly appreciated that it was offered but it rubbed us the wrong way that it was presented in a deceiving way.Moving on to the highlights of the night that still allowed for a 5-star review even despite the issue I described above. As I mentioned, we ordered the tasting with the pairing and everything was absolutely top-notch. The plates were in a nicely progressive order, they were presented well and all were fantastic tasting.I would highly recommend anyone go here who enjoys fine dining or is celebrating a special occasion.
As a Türk living abroad, this is one of the most fantastic dinners one can have in Istabul .  The food is phenomenal and the view is just an added attribute that makes having a dinner at Nicole a must in visiting Istanbul  .  I will come back here every time I return. Fantastic food ,Fantastic wine list , phenomenal view....All adds up to a experience not to be missed....
an interesting location for what the waiter described as a "michelin" quality restaurant. i think that the evening did demand a bit less pretentiousness in order for this place to become a comfortable, self-confident and aware type of venue in which the chef de cuisine needs not shout for brilliance but rather whisper itbut if i dare say, the wine list did have an interesting curation, served by knowledgable staff - you do want to know exactly what you are drinking - perhaps you might want to remember itit's already been a couple weeks and some dishes here do stick in my mind (the mark of a nice meal)for some reason, the citrus themed dessert was so comforting that i want to mention it first. the brightness and freshness of the pomelos, yuzu, sweet lemon, etc. all did a little dance with varying degrees of chill. from granata to creamy, this dish was artfully presented on a black/sapphire colored dish - a mesmerizing presentation because of the contrast to a sharp acidic sweet taste, a joyful color, and a sinister backdrop. the sort of cloying dessert that makes you think "this is what a love affair feels like"the preparation of anchovies here deserves some respect. i dont know if i need to rationalize it, but first, anchovies - not expensive, not regal, not anything. but yet they pack a punch that can elevate the raunch or elegance of a bite. second, in fact the way the chef prepares the anchovies is interesting because it never is presented in anything too big for the fish itself. third, anchovies are flexible. a paste, a tiny little filet, a crispy something.vegetables here are treated with respect here as well. they are more memorable than the meats, yet at this restaurant they serve as a frame and backdrop rather than the star. chef can improve his vegetable interpretation and bring them forward in to the main course, in the daring sort of way that some other restaurants do. my vegetarian friend who dined with us did have a very enjoyable meal, but certainly was hoping for more focus out of the tasting menu for the many dimensions of vegetablesbreads were well done.beef cheek and duck - each prepared very well, but not astounding to the point in which I'll remember these courses over and above, say, the way chef michael symon of cleveland's Lalo would prepare a beef cheek dumpling.has many of the trappings of a great restaurant, and the thematic intent of the meal was definitely on point. needs a bit more time in the cellar - i think it will age well.
FOOD is OUTSTANDING. Excellent quality and great value. Expensive but worth every penny. Chef and wife are amazing and were gracious to come out and explain the menu and design some specials for us. He even took pictures with us. One of the best meals I have ever had. Love Turkey and love this restaurant.
Turkish restaurant located inside the Westist Hotel. We were looking to try a variety of items, so the waiter recommended the mezze platter along with the halloumi and put together a mixed grill for us. We liked all the salads and the halloumi was good too. Mixed grill had beef kebab, chicken kebab, and lamb chops. All the meats were nicely seasoned.Service was accommodating and attentive. Gendered communal restrooms on a lower floor in the adjoining hotel. Indoor and outdoor seating. Accepts credit cards.
This was highly recommended on Google Maps, so we decided to try it out. Easy to get to from Istiklal street, so the best bet is to get to Taksim Square, the walk down Istiklal until the side street for Pera Antakya. Can't say enough about the food, service, or restaurant. Choice of eight dishes for the mezze platter, then we chose two entrees and desserts. Tea was given to us after the meal, and 10% gratuity was added to the check. All of the food exceeded expectations, and the price was very reasonable. Service was quite good. They take credit cards.
Great spot for vegetarians in Taskim area. Mezze plates are nice. Their breads are fresh and flavorful. Service is also prompt. Overall nice quiet spot. Highly recommend to try.
This is easily a 6 star restaurant. From service to food, we stayed 12 days in Istanbul and did not find anything better.  We let our waiter Sinan pick for us and everything he brought out was finger licking good.  The Manager and Chef Bulent was so great and made us feel super special.  Thank you for making our Istanbul trip that much better.  Lamb Chops best I've had in my life. Went twice.
The best meal in Istanbul!!!!  Our amazing server Kivanc recommended the meze platter, farmer cheese, and pera Antakya wrap.  Get them all!!!!  Perfection.
Excellent overall. I highly recommend. Food very fresh and cooked just right. Staff was courteous and promptm
Great food, courteous and friendly staff and nice and clean restaurant.I can see why they have 5 start or yelp. Definitely a 5 star place.
We went here on our first night in Istanbul and the food and service were amazing. I had the beef wrap and it was perfect. There were 4 in our party and everyone loves their meal. Oh, and the bill was about $40 USD. We have been back twice since and each time is equal to or better than our first experience. The second time, I had lamb shish- the lamb was outstanding. We traveled through Greece before coming here and this is the best lamb I have ever had.Let's talk service - if I could give them more than 5 stars I would. We have been there three times and the service is amazing. But what happened tonight proves what kind of people they are. Our daughter lost her phone today and thought that it might have fallen out of her pants pocket. When we went for dinner tonight, we told them what happened and they got on the phone to the cab company. We didn't hold out much hope. But when we got back from a show, we had an email from them that the cab driver brought the phone back (kudos to the cab company too). That is service over and above!!If you are in Istanbul, don't miss Pera Antakya!
This place deserves six stars, the service is equal to none. The food, best I've had in turkey, and the ambiance leaves nothing to be desired. A must for anyone with c tastebuds.
Amazing service, amazing hospitality and most of all the food was scrumptious. Our chef and waiter Yusuf exceeded our expectations; the food was prompt and even gifted us tea and a desert on the house. Will definitely recommend to a friend. Pera Antakya will surely be visited again. Even as Californians, speaking no Turkish, ordering food was a literally a piece of cake. Amazing job to Chef Yusuf and his team!
Outstanding restaurant. Great views, great food, and excellent service.Their kebabs were delicious, and the dolmades were to die for. The server was so kind. They moved us quickly to a place with a better view and even gave us complementary dessert.I strongly recommend my fellow yelpers to give this place a try.
Solid recommendation for Hanzade Terrace.  The food was well prepared with many distinct flavors and healthy portion sizes.  Service was outstanding.  We had reservations at 19:30 for 8 people, but due to unexpected circumstances, we arrived early at 18:00 and they were able to seat our large group without a fuss.  During our meal, our servers were accommodating and attentive to our party's food allergies and they served us efficiently.  It's a small restaurant, so there's no way for a server to really forget your table, but they were highly attentive.  As we spoke close to zero Turkish, it was great that our server also spoke English well enough to answer our questions and for us to feel safe about the food allergies (we had a card in Turkish just in case as well).  The rooftop view is as advertised -- a wonderful view of the city, the Blue Mosque and the Bosphorus River.  While we missed on the night view because we arrived early, the daytime views were equally magnificent.  Every table had a good view.With our larger group, we had a chance to order a lot of different food that we shared.  Their grilled chicken (legs/thighs) was a particular standout in terms of flavors and preparation.  The chicken was moist and well-seasoned with Turkish spices.  Their butter shrimp dish was also excellent.  We couldn't stop eating their grape leave meze -- after ordering a mixed meze platter (which were all tasty), we had to order another grape leaves portion to satisfy the group!  We ordered three of the grilled fish dishes on the menu -- our particular favorite was the sea bass, followed by the mackerel and then the bream (which was a little dry). They offered us apple tea and a selection of Turkish desserts (some Turkish delight and baklava) on the house to finish up our meal.Their menu pricing has increased considerably from many of the posts in the last year.  While completely understandable given the recent increases in food cost (and the large volume of tourists that were in the restaurant), the value equation for the restaurant is less than before.  From the research I did, this restaurant is a higher-priced option in Istanbul and not that dissimilar from other rooftop restaurants downtown (when it seemed to be more of a value in past years).  I didn't give 5-stars for the food for this reason.  However, Hanzade Terrace is still an excellent place for a atmospheric meal in Istanbul and I recommend it completely.
Our first meal in Istanbul, set a high bar. We had mushroom casserole and chicken kabab. The location and view of the Bosphorous was great. Hosts were kind and gave us dessert on the house, which was the only mediocre thing.
Highly recommend coming here! The view was breathtaking and the food was so delicious. Bonus...the server Isu was extremely kind and even gave us some complimentary appetizers and dessert. I was in awe the entire time we ate by the view around me and was pleasantly surprised by the delicious food! I would definitely come back and recommend others come here too!
A hidden gem! Beautiful view of the water with great turkish food and excellent service. Perfect place to unwind if you're staying in the neighborhood after a long day of sightseeing.
I stayed in Istanbul for a couple of days and I had my best meal at Hanzade Terrace Restaurant! The meat is well marinated and even the bread has a certain texture and smokiness in it - very flavorful!The wait staff are very friendly and makes you feel very comfortable. The views are wonderful too!The entrance is through My Home Sta hotel and the receptionist will give you directions how to get to the restaurant.
We had a lovely dinner at this place. Great food and warm welcoming atmosphere. Overall a great experience. Sezgin and Osman were very kind and attentive, we felt incredibly welcomed as we had our first dinner in Istanbul after a very long trip.We definitely recommend this place!
Food was delicious, the view is spectacular. We had such a great  timeFrom Latin America
Had a great meal with the family at this place. The place has a great view of the city below and the sea. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. They even have complimentary dessert and tea to cap off the meal. Definitely a hidden gem to have a nice and relaxing meal after a day of exploring around Istanbul.
GREAT Restaurant !! İçe ebem coming here for 10 years. Best restaurant in Sultanahmet !!
Fantastic atmosphere. Friendly and helpful staff. Delicious food. Heated out doors seating. Well worth trying! Safe area.
Excellent delicious & authentic gastronomic Turkish delight! Musa & Alfonso were very helpful in helping us with selection. Especially The lamb chops & fresh fish were to die for. Local Turkish house wine was a pleasant surprise! Cap dinner with delicious Katmer, Turkish coffee, Cappuccino & Sambuca Romano was heavenly delight! Cant wait to come back!
Yummy Turkish food.  My wife and I had the sea bass.  We started with an excellent meze plate.  And after a hot day, their big glass of Efes tasted great.  We ate outside, where we were accompanied by some of the neighborhood cats.Prices were ok.  I would eat here again.
This place has a great variety of food, it's very tasty and the portions are of good size. I ordered the curry chicken and my boyfriend the chicken platter . Both were great and the chicken was both tasty and juicy. The sides that go along with the meal were good as well. The service is great and fast. The area is close to many important landmarks and in a very cute street. They have outdoor seating that is protected from the rain and cold air by clear plastic walls. They have seating for large groups and they have free WiFi.
Very good turbery good Turkish food and service desert was fantastic Best staff is perfect service thank you for everything
We came to this restaurant for dinner. The owner of the restaurant welcomed us personally.  The turkish salad is very good and i had lamb chops which was delicious.
Delicious! We had Adana kabobs, ottoman casserole, and chicken kabobs with eggplant, hummus, and yogurt with dill mezzes. And kunefe for dessert.Restaurant is quaint, service is spectacular, and atmosphere is cozy.
Very good restaurant with a very friendly staff!Went there with my family on the first day we got to Istanbul. I ordered the mixed kebab plate in a pot! Really good!Went back the second and fourth nights I spent in Istanbul
Quite secluded. Only randomly stumbled upon it because I was reading TripAdvisor and they had a ton of reviews. The food is great portions are a little on the smaller side but the good was good. Had a salad, sea bass and chicken shish. Both was really good.
